

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-468305
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160218
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001320695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				202311383
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32504
		FILM NUMBER:		161437556
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7084831300
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 SPRING ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			OAK BROOK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60523












 

Washington
 D.C. 20549 





For the Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 
 




For the Transition Period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. 


















2021 Spring Road
 Suite 600
Oak Brook
 IL






Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code (708) 483-1300 











Common Stock
 $.01 par value








Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to


if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K (section 229.405 of this Chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 2015
 based on the $81.03 per share closing price on
the New York Stock Exchange on such date
 was approximately $3
392
330
998. Shares of common stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be
The number of shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock outstanding as of January&nbsp;31
 2016 was 56
395
247. 
Portions
of the registrant&#146;s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April&nbsp;28
 2016 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 



 































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence













































 



 

Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;1933 Act&#148;) and Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;1934 Act&#148;). The words &#147;believe
&#148;
&#147;estimate&#148;
 &#147;project&#148;
 &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;foresee
&#148; &#147;should
&#148; &#147;would
&#148; &#147;could&#148; or other similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements
 which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. These
forward-looking statements and other information are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made by us using information currently available. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain
risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may vary materially from those described herein as anticipated
 believed
estimated
 expected or intended. We are making investors aware that such forward-looking statements
 because they relate to future events
 are by their very nature subject to many important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated. Such factors include
 but are not limited to
 the outcome of litigation and regulatory proceedings to which we may be a party; the impact of product recalls; increased competition in our industry and actions of
our competitors; changes and developments affecting our industry; quarterly or cyclical variations in financial results; our ability to obtain suitable pricing for our products; development of new products and services; our level of indebtedness;
the availability of financing on commercially reasonable terms; cost of borrowing; our ability to maintain and improve cost efficiency of operations; changes in foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 raw material
 and commodity costs;
changes in economic
 political
 and weather conditions and other factors beyond our control; reliance on third parties for manufacturing of products and provision of services; general U.S. and global economic conditions and disruptions in the
financial markets and; the financial condition of our customers and suppliers and our ability to retain our customers; dependence on a limited number of customers; consolidations in the retail grocery and foodservice industries; our ability to
continue to make acquisitions in accordance with our business strategy or effectively manage the growth from acquisitions; changes in consumer preferences; changes in laws and regulations applicable to us; disruptions in or failures of our
information technology systems; disruption of our supply chain or distribution capabilities; and labor strikes or work stoppages and other risks that are described Part I
 and our other reports filed from time
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements
 which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. 
 



 




References herein to &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148;
&#147;Company&#148;
 and &#147;TreeHouse&#148; refer to TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context specifically states or implies otherwise. 

 2005 by Dean Foods Company to accomplish a spin-off of certain specialty businesses to
its shareholders
 which was completed on June&nbsp;27
 2005. Since the Company began operating as an independent entity
 it has expanded its product offerings through a number of acquisitions: 







 2006
 the Company acquired the private label soup and infant feeding business from Del Monte Corporation. 






 2007
 the Company acquired VDW Acquisition
 Ltd. (&#147;San Antonio Farms&#148;)
 a manufacturer of Mexican sauces. 






 2007
 the Company acquired the assets of E.D. Smith Income Fund (&#147;E.D. Smith&#148;)
 a manufacturer of salad dressings
 jams
 and various sauces. 







 2010
 the Company acquired Sturm Foods
 Inc. (&#147;Sturm&#148;)
 a manufacturer of hot cereals and powdered drink mixes. 







 2010
 the Company acquired S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&#147;S.T. Foods&#148;)
 a manufacturer of dry dinners
 which include macaroni and cheese and skillet dinners. 







 2012
 the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of Naturally Fresh
 Inc. (&#147;Naturally Fresh&#148;)
 a manufacturer of refrigerated dressings
 sauces
 marinades
 dips
 and other specialty
items. 






 2013
 the Company acquired Cains Foods
 L.P. (&#147;Cains&#148;)
 a manufacturer of shelf stable mayonnaise
 dressings
 and sauces. 







 2013
 the Company acquired Associated Brands Management Holdings Inc.
 Associated Brands Holdings Limited Partnership
 Associated Brands GP Corporation
 and 6726607 Canada Ltd. (collectively
&#147;Associated Brands&#148;)
 a manufacturer of powdered drinks
 specialty teas
 and sweeteners. 






 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of PFF Capital Group
 Inc. (&#147;Protenergy&#148;)
 a manufacturer of broths
 soups
 and gravies. 







 2014
 the Company acquired Flagstone Foods (&#147;Flagstone&#148;)
 a manufacturer of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. 







 2016
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 the corporation through which the private brands business (&#147;Private Brands Business&#148;) of ConAgra
Foods was operated. The Private Brands Business is a leading manufacturer of private label refrigerated and shelf stable products in the bars
 bakery
 cereal
 condiments
 pasta
 section
We are a consumer packaged food and beverage manufacturer
operating 24 manufacturing facilities across the United States and Canada servicing retail grocery
 food away from home
 and industrial and export customers. We manufacture a variety of shelf stable
 refrigerated
 and fresh products. Our product
categories include beverages; salad dressings; snacks; beverage enhancers; pickles; Mexican and other sauces; soup and infant feeding; cereals; dry dinners; aseptic products; jams; and other products. We have a comprehensive offering of packaging
formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic
 and preservative-free ingredients in 
 




many categories. Our strategy is to be the leading supplier of private label food and beverage products by providing the best balance of quality and cost to our customers. We manufacture and sell
the following: 






 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#146; own or controlled labels
 







 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators
 







 primarily on a regional basis to retailers
 and 







 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export. The key performance
indicators of our segments are net sales dollars and direct operating income
 which is gross profit less the cost of transporting products to customer locations
 commissions paid to independent sales brokers
 and direct selling and marketing
 Our North American Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to customers
within the United States and Canada. These products include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related
products; Mexican and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; hot cereals; baking and mix powders; macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack
nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 Our Food Away From Home segment sells non-dairy powdered
creamers; sweeteners; pickles and related products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including restaurant
chains and food distribution companies
 Our Industrial and Export segment
includes the Company&#146;s co-pack business and non-dairy powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food
manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer; baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products; soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal;
powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers outside of North America. 


 LLC (&#147;Bay Valley&#148;)
 Sturm
 S.T. Foods
 Cains
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#147;Associated Brands
U.S.&#148;)
 Protenergy Natural Foods
 Inc. (&#147;Protenergy U.S.&#148;)
 and Flagstone Foods (&#147;Flagstone&#148;) in the United States and E.D. Smith
 Associated Brands
 Inc. (&#147;Associated Brands Canada&#148;)
 and Protenergy Natural Foods
Corporation (&#147;Protenergy Canada&#148;) in Canada. Bay Valley is a Delaware limited liability company
 and a 100% owned subsidiary of TreeHouse. E.D. Smith
 Sturm
 S.T. Foods
 Cains
 Associated Brands U.S.
 Associated Brands Canada
 Protenergy
U.S.
 Protenergy Canada
 and Flagstone are directly or indirectly 100% owned subsidiaries of Bay Valley. 

 Food Away From Home
 and Industrial and Export segments can be found in Item&nbsp;7. 
 



 































Year Ended December&nbsp;31






































































































































































































































































































































































































































206









946









293
































 We produce snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks as a result of our
Flagstone acquisition in July 2014. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label trail mixes in the United States
 based on volume. These products are predominantly sold to grocery retailers. Snacks represented approximately 20.5% of
 We produce a variety of powdered drink mixes
 including lemonade
 iced tea
 energy
 vitamin
enhanced
 and isotonic sports drinks. Also included in this category are specialty teas and our single serve beverages
 which include our single serve hot beverages
 such as filtered coffee
 cappuccino
 hot cocoa
 and cider. These products are sold
primarily to grocery retailers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label powdered drink mixes in both the United States and Canada
 based on volume. Beverages represented approximately 13.5% of our consolidated net sales in 2015.
 Condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soup
 as well as broth and gravy
 are produced and packaged in various sizes and
formats
 including cans and cartons
 from single serve to larger sized packages. We primarily produce private label products sold to grocery retailers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label soup in the United States
 based on
volume. We co-pack conventional and organic infant feeding products for branded baby food companies in the Industrial and Export segment. In 2015
 soup and infant feeding represented approximately 11.9% of our consolidated net sales
 with the
 We produce pourable and spoonable
 refrigerated and shelf
stable salad dressings. Our salad dressings are sold primarily to grocery retailers throughout the United States and Canada
 and encompass many flavor varieties. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label salad dressings in both the
United States and Canada
Beverage
enhancers.
 refrigerated liquid non-dairy creamer and sweeteners. Non-dairy powdered creamer is used as coffee creamer or whitener and as an ingredient in baking
 hot and cold beverages
gravy mixes and similar products. Product offerings in this category include both private label and branded products packaged for grocery retailers
 foodservice products for use in coffee and beverage service
 and other industrial applications
 such
as portion control
 repackaging and ingredient use by 
 




other food manufacturers. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of non-dairy powdered creamer in the United States and Canada
 based on volume. Beverage enhancers represented approximately
 We produce pickles and a variety of related products
 including peppers and pickled
vegetables. We produce private label and regional branded offerings in the pickles category. These products are sold to grocery retailers
 foodservice
 co-pack and industrial customers. We believe we are the largest producer of pickles in the United
States
Mexican and other
sauces.
 including salsa
 picante sauce
 cheese dip
 enchilada sauce
 pasta sauces and taco sauce that we sell to grocery retailers and foodservice customers in the United States and Canada
 We
produce a variety of instant and cook-on-stove hot cereals
 including oatmeal
 farina and grits in single-serve instant packets and microwaveable bowls. These products are sold primarily to grocery retailers. We believe we are the largest
manufacturer of private label instant hot cereals in both the United States and Canada
 based on volume. Cereals represented approximately 5.0% of our consolidated net sales in 2015. 
We produce private label macaroni and cheese
 skillet dinners and other value-added side dishes. These products are sold to grocery
 Aseptic products included in this
category include cheese sauces and puddings. Aseptic products are processed under heat and pressure in a sterile production and packaging environment
 creating a product that does not require refrigeration prior to use. These products are sold
primarily to foodservice customers in cans and flexible packages. Aseptically produced soup and broth are included in the soup and infant feeding category. Aseptic products represented approximately 3.4% of our consolidated net sales in 2015. 
 We produce jams that are sold to grocery retailers and foodservice customers in the United States and Canada. Jams represented approximately 1.6%
of our consolidated net sales in 2015. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label jams in Canada
Other
Products.
 the majority of which include pie fillings
 desserts
 and baking products. Other products represented approximately 1.8% of our consolidated net sales in 2015. 

We sell our products through
various distribution channels
 including grocery retailers
 foodservice distributors
 and industrial and export
 which includes food manufacturers and repackagers of foodservice products. We have an internal sales force that manages customer
relationships and a broker network for sales to retail and foodservice accounts. Industrial food products are generally sold directly to customers without the use of a broker. Most of our customers purchase products from us either by purchase order
Products are shipped from our production facilities directly to customers
 or from
warehouse distribution centers where products are consolidated for shipment to customers if an order includes products manufactured in more than one production facility or product category. We believe this consolidation of products enables us to
improve customer service by offering our customers a single order
 invoice
 and shipment. 
 




 including the leading grocery retailers and foodservice
operators in the United States and Canada
 and also a variety of customers that purchase bulk products for industrial food applications. We currently supply more than 200 food retail customers in North America
 including each of the 50 largest food
retailers
 and more than 500 foodservice customers
 including 50 of the 100 largest restaurant chains. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our consolidated net sales. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 55.2% of our consolidated net sales. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 our largest customer
 Walmart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates
 accounted for approximately 20.7%
18.8%
 and 19.0%
 respectively
 of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company&#146;s consolidated net sales. Total trade receivables with Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates represented 21.9% and 17.5% of
our total trade receivables as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company had revenues from customers outside of the United States of approximately 11.9%
 12.4%
 and 13.2% of total consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
respectively
 with 10.8%
 11.3%
 and 12.2% from Canada in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales are determined based on the customer destination where the products are shipped. 
We generally ship our products from inventory
upon receipt of a customer order. In certain cases
 we produce to order. Sales order backlog is not material to our business. 

 the principal competitive factors are product quality
quality of service
 and price. For sales of products to foodservice
 industrial
 and export customers
 the principal competitive factors are price
 product quality
 specifications
 and reliability of service. We believe we are the largest
manufacturer of private label salad dressings
 non-dairy powdered creamer
 powdered drink mixes
 and instant hot cereals in the United States and Canada
 the largest manufacturer of private label pickles
 soup
 and trail mixes in the United States
and the largest manufacturer of private label jams in Canada
Competition to obtain shelf space for our branded products with retailers
generally is based on the expected or historical performance of our product sales relative to our competitors. The principal competitive factors for sales of our branded products to consumers are brand recognition and loyalty
 product quality
promotion
Recent trends impacting
competition include an increase in snacking and awareness of healthier and &#147;better for you&#148; foods. These trends
 together with a surge of specialty retailers who cater to consumers looking for either the highest quality ingredients
 unique
packaging
 products to satisfy particular dietary needs
 or value offerings where consumers are looking to maximize their food purchasing power
 create pressure on manufacturers to provide a full array of products to meet customer and consumer
We believe our strategies for competing in each of our business segments
 which include providing superior product quality
 effective cost
control
 an efficient supply chain
 successful innovation programs
 and competitive pricing
Patents and Trademarks
We own a number of registered trademarks. While we consider our trademarks to be valuable assets
 we do not consider any trademark to be of such
Trademarks sold
within the North American Retail Grocery segment include the following pickle brands
 
 Nalley


 Also sold are trademarks related to sauces and syrups that

 




include 
 Hoffman House




trademark. Single serve hot beverages are
Ann&#146;s




 trademark. Additionally
 certain mayonnaise
 dressings
 and



 
 Naturally Fresh



 our sales do not vary significantly by quarter but are slightly weighted toward the second half of the year
 particularly the fourth quarter
with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 and hot cereal
 all of which generally have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters. Additionally
 sales of soup and snack nuts are generally higher in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings
and pickles typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes generally show higher sales in the second and third quarters. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally
highest in the second and third quarters due to inventory builds
 while cash flow is highest in the fourth and first quarters following the seasonality of our sales. 
Foreign
sales information is set forth in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 corn syrup
 nuts (cashews
peanuts
 pecans
 and almonds)
 palm oil
 coconut oil
 wheat
 sugar
 tomatoes
 oats
 casein
 cheese
 eggs
 non-fat dry milk
 coffee
 tea
 cucumbers
 peppers
 processed meats
 and fruit. These ingredients are generally purchased under supply
contracts
 and we occasionally engage in forward buying when we determine such buying to be to our advantage. We believe these ingredients generally are available from a number of suppliers. The cost of raw materials used in our products may
fluctuate due to weather conditions
 regulations
 industry and general U.S. and global economic conditions
 fuel prices
 energy costs
 labor disputes
 transportation delays
 political unrest
 or other unforeseen circumstances. The most important
packaging materials and supplies used in our operations are glass
 plastic
 corrugated containers
 metal closures
 and metal cans. Most packaging materials are purchased under long-term supply contracts. We believe these packaging materials are
generally available from a number of suppliers. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials and packaging supplies can adversely affect our performance
 as price changes often lag behind changes in costs
 and we are not always able to adjust our
For additional discussion of the risks associated with the raw materials used in our
operations
 see Part 1
 Item&nbsp;1A &#150;
 



 

increase relative to other quarters
 section
 as our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage of cold weather products
 resulting in
inventory builds in the second and third quarters
 as the Company prepares for the fall and winter months. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally highest in the second and third quarters
Our long-term financing needs depend largely on
potential acquisition activity. Our $900 million revolving credit facility (the &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148;)
 plus cash flow from operations
 is expected to be adequate to provide liquidity for a period of no less than twelve months. See
the 

 plant trials
 ingredient approval
 and other quality control procedures are conducted at all our manufacturing facilities. Research and
development expense totaled $14.3 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 and is included in the General and administrative line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Below is a list of our facilities and
related research and development activities: 










Atlanta
 GA


 dips

Ayer
 MA


 salad dressings
 sauces

Brooklyn Park
 MN



Cambridge
 MD


 broths
 and gravies

Delta
 British Columbia
 Canada



Dixon
 IL



Green Bay
 WI



Manawa
 WI


 powdered drinks

Medina
 NY


 dry dinners
 sweeteners

North East
 PA



Oak Brook
 IL



Pecatonica
 IL


 powdered creamer

Pittsburgh
 PA


 infant feeding

Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada


 broths
 and gravies

San Antonio
 TX



St. Paul
 MN



Winona
 Ontario
 Canada


 fruit-based products
 sauces
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2015
 our work force consisted of approximately 5
880 full-time employees
 with 5
091 in the United States and 789 in Canada. 
We make available
 free of charge
through the &#147;Investor Relations &#151; SEC Filings&#148; link on our Internet website at www.treehousefoods.com
 our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the 1934 Act
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. We use 
 




our Internet website
 through the &#147;Investor Relations&#148; link
 as a channel for routine distribution of important information
 including news releases
 analyst presentations
 and
financial information. Copies of any materials the Company files with the SEC can be obtained free of charge through the SEC&#146;s website at http://www.sec.gov
 at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
Regulatory Environment and Environmental Compliance
The conduct of our businesses
 and the production
 distribution
 sale
 labeling
 safety
 transportation
 and use of our products
 are subject to
various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state
 and local governmental agencies in the United States
 as well as to foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in markets where we operate. It is our
We are subject to national and local environmental laws in the United States
and in foreign countries in which we do business including laws relating to water consumption and treatment
 air quality
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. We are committed to
The cost of compliance with national and international laws does not have and is not
expected to have
 a material financial impact on our capital expenditures
Executive Officers as of
February&nbsp;18
 2016 

















 President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Reed has served as the Chief Executive Officer since January 2005 and President since July 2011.
















 Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary since January 2005.








 Inc. and President of Bay Valley Foods
 LLC since July 2012. Chief Operating Officer for TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. since March 2015.








 Human Resources since July 2015.








 Corporate Development since October 2006.








 Chief Strategy Officer since May 2014.

 






In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report
 the
following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company also may impair the
Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to fund acquisitions or to
As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 we had $1
244.5 million of
outstanding indebtedness
 excluding $7.9 million of unamortized deferred financing costs
 which included $353.0 million outstanding under our $900 million Revolving Credit Facility that matures May&nbsp;6
 2019
 a $295.5 million senior unsecured
term loan (&#147;Term Loan A&#148;) maturing on May&nbsp;6
 2021
 a $190.0 million senior unsecured term loan (&#147;Term Loan A-1&#148;) that matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019
 $400.0 million of 4.875% notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022 (the &#147;2022
Notes&#148;)
 and $6.0 million of tax increment financing
 capital lease obligations
 and other debt. The inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations
 or to refinance our debt obligations on commercially reasonable
terms
 would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the inability to access additional borrowing at commercially reasonable terms could affect our ability to pursue additional
acquisitions. United States capital credit markets have experienced volatility
 dislocations
 and liquidity disruptions that caused tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding. Capital and credit markets and the U.S. and global
economies could be affected by additional volatility or economic downturns in the future. Events affecting the credit markets could have an adverse effect on other financial markets in the United States
 which may make it more difficult or costly
for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock or other equity securities. There can be no assurance that future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of
borrowing. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets
 or a slowdown in the general economy. Any of these risks could impair our ability to
fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business and could possibly increase our interest expense
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 


 2015
 the aggregate principal amount of our debt instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $838.5 million
based on the outstanding debt balance of our Credit Agreement. As a result
 higher interest rates will increase the cost of servicing our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk
 and could materially reduce our profitability and
cash flows. In December 2015
 the U.S. Federal Reserve announced that it would gradually raise short-term interest rates over the next three years. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an
approximate $8.4 million change in the annual cash interest expense
 before any principal payment
 on our financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk. 


U.S. dollars
 accordingly
 the profitability of the Canadian subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency transaction gains and losses that affect earnings. We manage the impact of foreign currency fluctuations related to raw material purchases
using foreign currency contracts. We are also exposed to fluctuations in the value of our foreign currency investment in our Canadian subsidiaries
 which includes Canadian dollar denominated intercompany notes. We translate the Canadian assets
liabilities
 revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Accordingly
 we are exposed to volatility in the translation of foreign currency earnings due to fluctuations in the value of the Canadian dollar
 which may
negatively impact the Company&#146;s results of operations and financial position. 
 



As we are dependent upon a limited number of customers
 the loss of a significant customer
 or consolidation
of our customer base
A limited number of customers represent a large percentage of our consolidated net
sales. Our operating results are contingent on our ability to maintain our sales to these customers. The competition to supply products to these high volume customers is very strong. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will
continue to arise from a small number of customers
 consisting primarily of traditional grocery retailers
 mass merchandisers
 and foodservice operators. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 our ten largest customers accounted for
approximately 55.2% of our consolidated net sales. For the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 our largest customer
 Walmart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates
 accounted for approximately 20.7%
 18.8%
 and 19.0%
 respectively
 of our
consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company&#146;s consolidated net sales. These customers typically do not enter into written contracts
 and the contracts that they do enter into generally are terminable at
will. Our customers make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 product quality
 and customer service performance. If our product sales to one or more of these customers decline
 this reduction may have a material adverse effect on our
business
Further
 over the past several years
 the retail grocery and foodservice industries have
experienced a consolidation trend
 which has resulted in mass merchandisers and non-traditional grocers gaining market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer
large customers. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger
 they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing or increased promotional programs. If we are unable to use our
scale
 product innovation
 and category leadership positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if the surviving entity of a consolidation or similar transaction is not a
current customer of the Company
Increases in input costs
 such as ingredients
packaging materials
 and fuel costs
The costs of raw materials
 packaging materials
 and fuel have varied widely in
recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. While individual input cost changes varied throughout the year
 with certain costs increasing and others
decreasing
 input costs were slightly favorable in 2015 compared to 2014. We expect the volatile nature of these costs to continue with an overall long-term upward trend. 

 wherever possible
 by locking in prices on quantities required to meet our production
requirements. The price of oil has been particularly volatile recently and there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will result in the optimal price. In addition
 we attempt to offset the effect of such increases by raising prices to
our customers. However
 changes in the prices of our products may lag behind changes in the costs of our materials. Competitive pressures may also limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to increased raw materials
 packaging
 and fuel
costs. Accordingly
 if we are unable to increase our prices to offset increasing raw material
 packaging
 and fuel costs
 our operating profits and margins could be materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers
Our private label and regionally branded products may
For sales of private label products to retailers
 the principal competitive
factors are price
 product quality
 and quality of service. For sales of private label products to consumers
 the principal competitive factors are price and product quality. In many cases
 competitors with nationally branded products have a
competitive advantage over 
 




private label products due to name recognition. In addition
 when branded competitors focus on price and promotion
 the environment for private label producers becomes more challenging because
Competition to obtain shelf space for our branded
products with retailers is primarily based on the expected or historical performance of our product sales relative to our competitors. The principal competitive factors for sales of our branded products to consumers are brand recognition and
loyalty
 product quality
 promotion
 and price. Most of our branded competitors have significantly greater resources and brand recognition than we do. 

 which may require us to lower prices
 increase the use of discounting or promotional
programs
 or increase marketing expenditures
 each of which would adversely affect our margins and could result in a decrease in our operating results and profitability. 
We
face competition across our product lines from other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. Some of our competitors have substantial financial
 marketing and other resources
 and competition with them in our
various business segments and product lines could cause us to reduce prices
 increase capital
 marketing or other expenditures
 or lose sales
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Category sales and
Some customer buying decisions are based on a periodic
bidding process in which the successful bidder is assured the selling of its selected product to the food retailer
 super center
 mass merchandiser
 or foodservice distributors
 until the next bidding process. Our sales volume may decrease
significantly if our offer is too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our offer is successful but below our desired price point. Either of these
outcomes may adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally
 competition can impact our ability to pass on increased costs or otherwise increase prices. 


 we incurred a significant amount of debt and may incur additional debt in the future. See
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Recent Developments&#148; and Note 25 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. If new debt is added to our current debt levels
 the risks
described herein would increase. The degree to which we are leveraged could have adverse consequences to us
 limiting management&#146;s choices in responding to business
 economic
 regulatory and other competitive conditions. In addition
 our
ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance
 which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial
 business
legislative
 regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal
 premium
 if any
 and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash
flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations
 we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures or to dispose of material assets or
operations
 seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures
 if necessary
 on commercially reasonable terms or at all and
 even if successful
 those
alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. The agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability
to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our
inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy 
 




our debt obligations
 or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 would materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 
We may be unsuccessful in our future acquisition endeavors
 if any
 which may have an adverse effect on our business. 

 our future growth depends
 in large part
 on our acquisition of additional food manufacturing businesses
 products or
processes. We may be unable to identify suitable targets
 opportunistic or otherwise
 for acquisition or make acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate
 our ability to successfully implement the acquisition
would depend on a variety of factors
Acquisitions involve risks
 including those
associated with integrating the operations
 financial reporting
 disparate technologies
 and personnel of acquired companies; managing geographically dispersed operations; the diversion of management&#146;s attention from other business concerns;
the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; unknown risks; and the potential loss of key employees
 customers
 and strategic partners of acquired companies. We may not
successfully integrate businesses or technologies we acquire in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits. Acquisitions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations due to
 among
other things
 the incurrence of debt
 onetime write-offs of goodwill
 and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. In addition
 future acquisitions could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities. 
We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences
 which may result in decreased demand for our products. 

 eating habits
 and overall purchasing trends of consumers and to offer products that
appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences change from time to time
 and our failure to anticipate
 identify
 or react to these changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which would adversely affect our operating results and
We may be subject to product liability claims for misbranded
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled food products. 

 which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage
 misbranding
 product tampering
 and other
adulteration of food products. Consumption of a misbranded
 adulterated
 contaminated or spoiled product may result in personal illness or injury. We could be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to an actual or alleged illness or injury
 and we
could incur liabilities that are not insured or that exceed our insurance coverage. Even if product liability claims against us are not successful or fully pursued
 these claims could be costly and time consuming
 and may require management to spend
time defending the claims rather than operating our business. A product that has been actually or allegedly misbranded or becomes adulterated could result in product withdrawals
 product recalls
 destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
temporary plant closings
 and substantial costs of compliance or remediation. Any of these events
 including a significant product liability judgment against us
 could result in a loss of confidence in our food products
 which could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition
 results of operations
New laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could
The food industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign laws and regulations
 including those
related to food safety
 food labeling
 and environmental matters. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 international trade
 immigration
 and other labor issues
 all of which may have a direct or
indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. Changes in these laws or regulations
 or the introduction of new laws or regulations
 could increase the costs of doing business for the

 




Company
 our customers
 or suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. 

compliance costs
 capital expenditures
 and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel
 and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially
affect our profitability. In addition
 climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience
 and may require us to make additional unplanned capital expenditures. 


business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our
control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 system failures
 security breaches
 cyber security attacks
 and viruses. If we are unable to prevent security breaches
 we may suffer business disruption
 theft of intellectual property
 trade secrets
 or
customer information and unauthorized access to personnel
 customer
 or otherwise confidential information. Such unauthorized disclosure of information may lead to financial or reputational damage or penalties
 which could cause significant damage
to our reputation
 affect our relationships with our customers
 or lead to claims against the Company or governmental investigations and proceedings
 any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability and ultimately
harm our business. To the extent that our business is interrupted or data is lost
 destroyed
 or inappropriately used or disclosed
 such disruptions could adversely affect our competitive position
 relationships with our customers
 financial
condition
 operating results
 and cash flows. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business or cause us to incur additional legal fees and costs. In addition
 we may be required to incur significant costs to
Changes in weather conditions
 natural disasters
 and other
Changes in weather conditions
 climate changes
 and natural disasters such
as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes
 fires
 or pestilence
 may affect the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials. Additionally
 these events could result in reduced supplies of raw materials. Our competitors may be
affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. Further
 changes in weather could impact consumer demand and our earnings may be affected by seasonal factors including the
seasonality of our supplies and such changes in consumer demand. Damage or disruption to our production or distribution capabilities due to weather
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 pandemic
 strikes
 or other reasons could impair our ability to
manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single
location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 
Disruption of our supply chain or distribution capabilities could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations.
Our ability to manufacture
 move
 and sell products is critical to our success. We are subject to damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our
manufacturing or distribution capabilities (in particular
 to the extent 
 




that our raw materials are sourced globally) due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 adverse changes in political conditions or
political unrest
 pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors that could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to
effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 


 collective bargaining agreements cover a significant number of our full-time distribution
 production
 and maintenance employees. A dispute with a
union or employees represented by a union could result in production interruptions caused by work stoppages. If a strike or work stoppage were to occur
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 





 






We operate the following production facilities
 the majority of which we own
as shown below. We lease our principal executive offices in Oak Brook
 Illinois and other office space in Green Bay
 Wisconsin; Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania; St. Paul
 Minnesota; and Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada. We believe our owned and leased
facilities are suitable for our operations and provide sufficient capacity to meet our requirements for the foreseeable future. On November&nbsp;18
 2015
 the Company announced the planned closing of the City of Industry
 California facility.
Production is expected to cease in the first quarter of 2016
 with full closure of the facility expected in the third quarter of 2016. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding this closure. The following
chart lists the location and principal products produced (by segment) at our production facilities at December&nbsp;31
 2015: 


















Atlanta
 Georgia


 sauces





2

Ayer
 Massachusetts


 dressings





2

Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota







Cambridge
 Maryland


 broths





3

City of Industry
 California






2
3

Chicago
 Illinois







Delta
 British Columbia
 Canada






3

Dixon
 Illinois


 puddings





3

Faison
 North Carolina


 peppers
 relish





2
3

Green Bay
 Wisconsin


 peppers
 relish





2
3

Kenosha
 Wisconsin







Manawa
 Wisconsin






2
3

Medina
 New York


 beverage enhancers
 dry dinners





2
3

New Hampton
 Iowa







North East
 Pennsylvania






3

Pecatonica
 Illinois






2
3

Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania


 broths
 gravies





3

Plymouth
 Indiana


 peppers





2
3

Richmond Hill
 Ontario
 Canada


 broths





3

Robersonville
 North Carolina






3

San Antonio
 Texas






2
3

St. Paul
 Minnesota






3

Wayland
 Michigan






3

Winona
 Ontario
 Canada


 pie fillings





2
3






















We are party to a variety of legal proceedings arising out of
the conduct of our business. While the results of proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty
 management believes that the final outcome of these proceedings will not have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 





 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

our common stock as quoted on the NYSE for each quarter of 2015 and 2014 are provided in the table below: 

















































































































The high and low sales prices of our common stock on January&nbsp;29
 2016
 as reported on the NYSE
 were $79.36 and $76.04
per share
 respectively. On January&nbsp;29
 2016
 there were 2
We have not paid any cash dividends on
the common stock and currently anticipate that
 for the foreseeable future
 we will retain any earnings for the development of our business. Accordingly
 no dividends are expected to be declared or paid on the common stock. The declaration of
The Company did not purchase any shares of its common stock in
either 2015 or 2014. 
 



 

common stock for the period from December&nbsp;31
 2010 through December&nbsp;31
 2015. The graph and accompanying table compare the cumulative total stockholders&#146; return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P
MidCap 400 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Peer Group Index. Our Current Peer Group includes the following companies based on the similar nature of their business to ours: General Mills
 Inc.; Kellogg Co.; ConAgra Foods
 Inc.; Post Holdings
Inc.; Campbell Soup Co.; McCormick&nbsp;&amp; Co.
 Inc.; JM Smucker Co.; Cott Corp.; Lancaster Colony Corp.; Flowers Foods
 Inc.; The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.; Snyder&#146;s-Lance
 Inc.; J&amp;J Snack Foods Corp.; B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.; Farmer Bros.
Co.; Dean Foods; and Pinnacle Foods
 Inc. Kraft Foods Group
 Inc. was removed from the Peer Group Index in 2015 as it merged with the H.J. Heinz Company during 2015. The graph assumes an investment of $100 on December&nbsp;31
 2010 in each of
TreeHouse Foods&#146; common stock
 the stocks comprising the S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 Russell 2000 Index
 and the Peer Group Index. 
Comparison of Cumulative Total Return of $100 among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 S&amp;P MidCap 400 Index
 
Russell 2000 Index
 and the Peer Group Index 


 























































TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.







































































































 



 

of December&nbsp;31
 2015: 


















Options
and
Rights


Outstanding&nbsp;Options

Rights


Plans
(excluding



























TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan



























































































 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan. 




 we have disregarded the restricted stock units and
performance units for purposes of computing the weighted-average exercise price. 
 






The following selected financial data as of and for each
of the five years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2015. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item&nbsp;7
 and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes. 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31






















(In thousands
 except per share data)




























206





946





293





182





049







562





339





818





728





576



























































































































































Other operating expense
 net






















































































































































































































































Other (income) expense
 net















































































































































































































































































































































































702





858





693





510





392



Long-term debt
 excluding current portion



221





437












































































854





759





273





179





073















 







We are a consumer packaged food and
beverage manufacturer operating 24 facilities in the United States and Canada that has a comprehensive offering of packaging formats and flavor profiles
 and we also offer natural
 organic and preservative-free ingredients in many categories. We
believe we are the largest manufacturer of private label salad dressings
 non-dairy powdered creamer
 powdered drink mixes
 and instant hot cereals in the United States and Canada
 the largest manufacturer of private label pickles
 soup
 and trail
mixes in the United States
 and the largest manufacturer of private label jams in Canada
We sell our products to the retail grocery
food away from home
 and industrial and export channels. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 sales to the retail grocery
 foodservice
 and industrial and export channels represented 76.0%
 11.6%
 and 12.4%
 respectively
 of our consolidated
According to independent market research studies
 private label grocery products have
increased their market share in the United States from 12.7% in 1989 to approximately 17.8% in 2015. Despite gains in market share
 private label penetration in the United States remains below that of many other developed economies
 including France
(27%)
 Spain (42%)
 Germany (35%)
 the United Kingdom (41%)&nbsp;and Switzerland (45%)&nbsp;(market research estimates based on 2014 data). Over time
 we expect private label market share in the United States will approach the levels currently
present in Europe
 but due to structural differences
 we do not anticipate this in the short term. In 2015
 based on available industry data
 private label products sold in the retail grocery channel in the United States compete with branded
products on the basis of equivalent quality at a lower price. These private label products comprise the following approximate market share percentages of all products in their respective categories: 



































































Our strategy is to be the leading supplier of private label food and beverage products by providing the best balance of
quality and cost to our customers. We intend to grow our business and enhance profitability and customer relationships through the following strategic initiatives: 





 As grocery retailers become more demanding of their private label food product suppliers
 they have come to expect strategic insight
 product innovation
 customer service
 and
logistical economies of scale similar to those of our branded competitors. To this end
 we are continually developing
 investing in
 and expanding our private label food product offerings and capabilities in these areas. In addition to our low cost
manufacturing
 we have invested in research and development
 product and packaging innovation
 category management
 information technology systems
 and other capabilities. We believe that these investments enable us to provide a broad and growing
array of private label food products that generally meet or exceed the value and quality of branded competitors that have comparable sales
 marketing
 innovation
 and category management support. We believe that we are well positioned to expand our
sales with grocery retailers given our differentiated capabilities
 breadth of product offerings
 and geographic reach. 
 








The U.S. retail food industry has continued to bifurcate from traditional food retailers (those who carry a full array of refrigerated
 frozen
 and shelf
stable products) to specialty retailers who cater to consumers who migrate to either end of the value spectrum. These specialty retailers tend to focus on either value offerings for consumers looking for the maximum value of their food purchases
 or
catering to consumers looking for the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging
 or products to satisfy particular dietary needs. Also impacting the food industry is a noticeable increase in consumers that are snacking more frequently and that
seek &#147;healthy&#148; and &#147;better for you&#148; foods
 that include items such as fresh or freshly prepared foods
 natural
 organic
 or specialty foods. We offer a variety of innovative products and flavor profiles in a comprehensive
offering of packaging formats that include natural
 organic and preservative free ingredients
 that we believe meet the &#147;good
 better
 and best&#148; needs of both traditional grocers and specialty retailers. 






 We believe we can drive organic growth from our existing product portfolio. Through insights gained from our portfolio strategy
 we develop
operating strategies that enable us to focus our resources and investments on products and categories that we believe offer the highest potential. Additionally
 our analyses identify products and categories that lag the broader portfolio and require
corrective action. We believe our portfolio strategy maximizes the full potential of all of our product offerings. 





Leverage cross-selling opportunities across customers
 sales channels and geographies.
 primarily in non-dairy powdered creamer
salad dressing
 powdered drink mixes
 instant hot cereals
 trail mixes
 and pickles. However
 we believe we still have significant potential for growth with grocery retailers and foodservice distributors that we currently serve in a limited manner
or that do not carry all of the products we offer. We believe that certain customers view our size and scale as an advantage over smaller private label food product producers
 many of whom provide only a single category or service to a single
customer or geography. Our ability to service customers across North America and across a wider spectrum of products and capabilities provides many opportunities for cross-selling to customers who seek to reduce the number of private label food
product suppliers they utilize. 





We believe we have the expertise and demonstrated ability to identify and integrate value-enhancing acquisitions. We selectively pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses that
we believe are a compelling strategic fit with our existing operations and will increase shareholder value. Each potential acquisition is evaluated for merit utilizing a rigorous analysis that assesses targets for their market attractiveness
intrinsic value
 and strategic fit. We believe our acquisitions have been successful and consistent with our strategy. Since we began operating as an independent company in 2005
 our acquisitions have significantly added to our revenue base and
allowed us to significantly diversify our product offerings. We attempt to maintain conservative financial policies when pursuing acquisitions and we believe that our proven integration strategies have resulted in deleveraging. By identifying
targets that fit within our defined strategies
 we believe we can continue to expand our product selection and continue our efforts to be the low-cost
 high quality and innovative supplier of private label food products for our customers. During
2014
 we completed our most recent acquisitions of PFF Capital Group (&#147;Protenergy&#148;) for approximately $143 million and Flagstone for approximately $855 million. On February&nbsp;1
 2016
 we completed the acquisition of the Private Brands
Business from ConAgra Foods for $2.7 billion
The following discussion and analysis
presents the factors that had a material effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 and results of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013. This should be read in conjunction with the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to those Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 




 for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks
 and assumptions associated with these statements. 

 and from a macroeconomic perspective
 the economy showed variability
 and in December 2015 the U.S. Federal Reserve announced it will
gradually raise short-term interest rates over the next three years. Also impacting the economy is the recent decline in oil and related fuel prices. Despite reduced oil and fuel costs
 consumer spending has been uneven
 with spending at retailers
appearing to remain slow since the middle of the year. As a result
 total retail food volumes in 2015 declined versus those in 2014
 with contraction being experienced in both branded and private label food portfolios
 with branded volumes showing a
greater decline than private label. While retail volume appears to have been soft in 2015
 restaurant same store sales appear to have increased in 2015 versus 2014. The Company believes the increase in same store sales at restaurants is related to
the decrease in oil and fuel prices
 as the perceived increase in disposable income may be resulting in higher food away from home sales
 without benefiting retail food outlets. 

 and many of the product categories the Company participates in are showing volume
declines
 certain retail sectors are experiencing growth
 as consumers continue to snack and seek out &#147;healthy&#148; and &#147;better for you&#148; foods. &#147;Healthy&#148; and &#147;better for you&#148; foods include items such as fresh or
freshly prepared foods
 and natural
 organic
 or specialty foods
 most of which are located at the perimeter of the store. These trends are prompting companies to increase or adjust their product offerings
 while retaining their commitment to
providing these offerings at reasonable prices. In an effort to respond to shifting consumer demand
 the Company offers an increasing variety of snacks
 natural
 and organic products. 

 2015
 the Company&#146;s net sales increased 8.8% from the same period last year
 primarily due to additional sales from
the 2014 acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy. The additional sales from the recent acquisitions were partially offset by unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange of 1.9%
 and unfavorable volume/mix of 2.7%. 

 to $472.9 million
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 compared to 2014. Although direct operating income
increased
 profitability as a percentage of net sales decreased due to unfavorable volume/mix
 competition
 and Canadian foreign exchange. This caused total direct operating income as a percentage of net sales to decrease to 14.7% for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2015
The overarching themes impacting the 2015 fiscal year include
(1)&nbsp;increased competition in the Company&#146;s beverage products (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 (2)&nbsp;unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange
 (3)&nbsp;industry wide year-over-year retail food volume contraction
 (4)&nbsp;increased
profitability in the Company&#146;s legacy products
 despite lower tonnage
 and (5)&nbsp;having a full year of our 2014 acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy. 

 the Company&#146;s sales mix shifted
 as increased competition in beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages) resulted in
higher margin products like single serve hot beverages representing a lower percentage of total net sales. Also impacting the shift in sales mix was having a full year of lower margin products resulting from the 2014 acquisitions of Flagstone and
As discussed
 total retail food industry volumes are lower on a year-over-year basis (approximately 1.4%)
 despite a general increase in
disposable income. Comparatively
 on a full year basis
 the Company experienced unfavorable volume/mix of approximately 2.7%
 but despite lower volume/mix
 the Company focused on its operations and has been able to increase the relative
profitability of its legacy business (excluding single serve hot beverages) by focusing on simplification and other operational improvements. Additionally
 input costs were slightly favorable in 2015 compared to 2014. 
 




 the average Canadian foreign exchange rate in 2015 was 13.5% weaker
 impacting both net
sales and profitability. The Company estimates that net sales were negatively impacted by approximately 1.9%. To help mitigate further profitability erosion
 the Company closely monitors the Canadian / U.S. dollar exchange rate and
 at times
 enters
into foreign exchange contracts. 
 On November&nbsp;18
 2015
 the Company announced its intention to close its City of Industry
 California facility. The closure of the
facility was determined after carefully reviewing the operation and identifying opportunities to lower production costs. Production is expected to cease in the first quarter of 2016
 with full closure of the facility expected in the third quarter of
2016. Total costs of the closure are expected to be approximately $10.9 million
 a reduction of $1.0 million since the initial announcement
 as the Company revised its estimates. We expect approximately $7.2 million of the closure costs to be in
cash. Components of the charges include non-cash asset write-offs of approximately $3.7 million
 employee-related costs of approximately $2.0 million and other closure costs of approximately $5.2 million. 
 On November&nbsp;2
 2015
 the Company announced it signed a definitive agreement to acquire the private brands
business of ConAgra Foods (&#147;Private Brands Business&#148;). The Private Brands Business is a leading manufacturer of private label refrigerated and shelf stable products in the bars
 bakery
 cereal
 condiments
 pasta
 and snacks categories. On
February&nbsp;1
 2016
 the Company completed the acquisition of the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 excluding transaction expenses and subject to working capital and other adjustments. 

 on January&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company announced the offering of $750
million of stock
 or 11
538
461 shares at $65.00 per share. Included in the offering was an underwriters&#146; option to purchase an additional 1
730
769 shares at $65.00 per share. On January&nbsp;26
 2016
 a total of 13
269
230 shares were issued
resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $862.5 million. Net cash from the offering
 after the exercise of the over-allotment option and after considering the underwriting fees
 was approximately $836.6 million. The net proceeds from the
offering were used to fund
 in part
Also in connection with the financing of the acquisition of the
Private Brands Business
 on January&nbsp;29
 2016
 the Company completed an exempt offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior unsecured notes (&#147;2024 Notes&#148;)
due February&nbsp;15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes (approximately $763.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts) were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of the Private Brands Business. Interest on the 2024
 of each year
 beginning August&nbsp;15
 2016. 

 2016
 the Company completed its acquisition of the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 excluding transaction expenses
and subject to working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition was funded by $836.6 million in net proceeds from the sale of the Company&#146;s common stock
 $763.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
 and $1
025.0
million in Term Loan A-2 financing
 with the remaining balance funded by borrowings from the Company&#146;s Revolving Credit Facility. The Term Loan A-2 financing was funded on February&nbsp;1
 2016 coincident with the closing of the acquisition and
has a term of 5 years. Interest on the Term Loan A-2 financing is based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and is determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 3.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in
the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 2.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis. The Company obtained Term Loan A-2 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;1
 2016. The Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement amends
 restates and replaces the Company&#146;s existing Credit Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2014. Significant components of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement include (but are not limited to) (1)&nbsp;changes
to the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 so that they are conterminous and will mature on February&nbsp;1
 2021
 
 




(2)&nbsp;issuance of Term Loan A-2
 (3)&nbsp;the Credit Agreement is now a secured facility until the Company reaches a leverage ratio of 3.5 and has no other pari-passu secured debt outstanding
and (4)&nbsp;increased credit spreads. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the prior Credit Agreement. 
The following table presents
certain information concerning our financial results
 including information presented as a percentage of consolidated net sales: 






























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































206









946









293











562









339









818















































































































































































Other operating expense
 net





















































































































































































































































































Other (income) expense
 net






























































































































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 Compared to
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 &#151; Net sales increased 8.8% to $3
206.4 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
compared to $2
946.1 million
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014. Net sales are shown by segment in the following table: 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31




























437





173












































































206





946






























 




July 2014 and May 2014
 respectively)
 partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix
 Canadian foreign exchange
 and lower pricing. Without the addition of sales from acquisitions
 net sales in the period would have been lower than the same period last
year
 due to a combination of factors including: increased competition
 primarily in our single serve hot beverages category; general economic conditions where overall retail food volumes have continued to erode; and shifting consumer tastes (away
 &#151; All expenses incurred to bring a
product to completion are included in cost of sales. These include the costs of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging
 labor
 facilities and equipment
 operation and maintenance of our warehouses
 and transportation of our finished products from
our manufacturing facilities to distribution centers. Cost of sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales increased to 79.9% in 2015 from 79.4% in the prior year. In 2014
 cost of sales included $16.0 million of acquisition and integration
related costs
 compared with $0.7 million in 2015. Also included in 2015 was $3.0 million of restructuring costs. After adjusting for these items in each year
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was approximately 0.9% higher in 2015 than
2014
 as lower margin business from recent acquisitions
 a shift in legacy sales mix
 unfavorable Canadian exchange rates
 and reduced pricing offset operational efficiencies and favorable input costs. 
 &#151; Operating expenses increased to $404.6 million in 2015 compared to $388.5 million in 2014. The increase in 2015
Selling and distribution expenses increased $5.9 million in 2015 compared to 2014. Contributing to the increase in costs was
a full year of operations associated with the 2014 acquisitions (approximately $8.3 million of incremental costs in 2015 versus 2014)
 partially offset by reductions in incentive compensation and other costs. 

million and $18.3 million of acquisition and integration costs in 2015 and 2014
 respectively. After considering the acquisition and integration costs
 general and administrative costs increased $10.7 million
 of which $6.0 million pertains to the
incremental costs associated with a full year of operations related to the 2014 acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy. The remaining increase of approximately $4.7 million is due to general business growth that was partially offset by reduced
Amortization expense increased $8.0 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to the amortization of
Other operating expense was $1.8 million in 2015 compared to $2.4 million in 2014. The reduction was due to lower
costs associated with the soup restructuring and the Seaforth salad dressing plant closure
 which are substantially complete. During the fourth quarter of 2015
 the Company announced the closure of the City of Industry
 California facility and began
&#151; Interest expense in 2015 was $45.5 million
 an increase of $3.4 million from 2014
&#151; Interest income of $3.0 million
includes $1.4 million of interest income related to annual patronage refunds pertaining to Term Loan A. The patronage refund represents our participation in the capital plan of our Term Loan A lender and is an annual payment based on a percentage of
our average daily loan balance. The remaining $1.6 million in interest income pertains to the cash held by our Canadian subsidiaries and gains on investments as discussed in Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
&#151; The impact of fluctuations in foreign currency resulted in a loss of $26.1 million in 2015
 versus a loss in 2014 of $13.4
million as the average U.S dollar exchange rate versus the Canadian dollar strengthened approximately 13.5% over the prior year. 
 



&#151; The Company incurred a $22.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt
Other (income) expense
 net 
was $0.1 million in 2015
 compared to expense of $5.1 million in 2014. The change was primarily due to the non-cash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative instruments. 
 &#151; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of 32.9% for 2015 compared to 34.2% for 2014. The decrease in the effective
tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 as compared to 2014 was attributable to decreased acquisition related expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes
 and the tax impact of a shift in income between jurisdictions. 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 &#151; Results by Segment 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31


































437









173











952









714












































































































































Net sales in the North American Retail Grocery segment increased by $264.4 million
 or 12.2%
 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2015 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2014 to 2015 was due to the following: 





























173

































































437
















The increase in net sales from 2014 to 2015 was due to acquisitions that were partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix
unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange
 and lower pricing. During the year
 the Company experienced volume/mix gains in the snacks category that were more than offset by decreases in the majority of other categories. The Company&#146;s negative
volume/mix is due to the impact of competitive pressures across all categories
 but most pronounced in single serve hot beverages
 as well as general market contraction in the retail grocery sector. 

 primarily due to acquisitions. Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased from
78.9% in 2014 to 80.1% in 2015 due to a shift in legacy sales mix
 a full year of lower margin sales from acquisitions
 unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange
 and lower pricing
 that more than offset the impact of favorable operating costs. Included
in cost of sales in 2014 were $8.7 million of acquisition and integrations costs
 while 2015 had insignificant acquisition and integration costs. The addition of 
 




Flagstone and Protenergy for a full year as compared to prior year
 increased cost of sales as a percentage of net sales by approximately 0.6% in the current year. 

 or 4.6%
 primarily due to acquisitions. A full year of Flagstone and
Protenergy added approximately $7.2 million in expense that was partially offset by lower costs in the legacy business due to lower volume
 lower freight costs
 and the impact of Canadian foreign exchange. 

 as the impact of a full year of acquisitions was partially offset by legacy cost reductions. Despite the
additional costs
 total direct selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased slightly. 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Food Away From Home segment decreased by $9.7 million
 or 2.6%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2014 to 2015 was due to the following: 













































































































Net sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange
 volume/mix
decreases
 and lower pricing. Volume/mix increases in the aseptic and dressings categories were more than offset by reductions in the Mexican and other sauces
 beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 beverage enhancers
 and pickles
Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased from 81.6% in 2014
 to 79.9% in 2015. Plant operating performance in the first half of
2014 was inefficient due
 in part
 to a temporary labor shortage
 while operations in 2015 were in line with normal production performance. Partially offsetting the return to normalized operational performance levels were higher costs of sales of
U.S. sourced raw materials for the Canadian operations. 
 




 as
increased freight costs were partially offset by reductions in commissions. Freight costs were higher due in part to changes in distribution
 while commissions were lower due to reduced sales. Canadian foreign exchange also contributed to lower
Direct selling and marketing expenses were $8.2 million in 2015 compared to $8.5 million in 2014
 down
slightly from the prior year due in part to Canadian foreign exchange. 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Industrial and Export segment increased by $5.6 million
 or 1.4%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2014 to 2015 was due to the following: 














































































































The increase in net sales is primarily due to acquisitions and improved volume/mix
 partially offset by unfavorable Canadian
foreign exchange and unfavorable pricing. Higher volume/mix of pickles and baby food was partially offset by lower volume/mix of soup
 beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 and beverage enhancers. 

integration costs
 while 2015 had insignificant acquisition and integration costs. After considering the 2014 acquisition and integration costs
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased 0.4%. A positive shift in legacy sales mix was
Freight out and commissions paid to independent sales brokers were $10.5 million in
Direct selling and marketing was $2.1 million in
2015 compared to $2.2 million in 2014. 
 



Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 
 &#151; Net sales increased 28.4% to $2
946.1 million for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 compared to $2
293.9 million
 for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. Net sales are shown by segment in the following table: 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31
































173





642












































































946





293





























The increase in net sales was primarily due to the acquisitions of Flagstone and Protenergy
 as well as a full year of sales
from Cains and Associated Brands (acquired in July 2013 and October 2013
 respectively). Volume/mix increases occurred in the beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 aseptic
 and other products categories
 partially offset by decreases in
the beverage enhancers
 dressings
 cereals
 and jams categories. The increase of 4.0% in volume/mix was partially offset by a 0.9% decrease from unfavorable Canadian foreign exchange. 
 &#151; Cost of sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales increased slightly to 79.4% in 2014 from 79.3% in the prior year. In 2013
cost of sales included $28.4 million of costs associated with restructurings
 facility consolidations
 and acquisition and integration related costs
 while 2014 included $16.0 million in acquisition and integration related costs. After considering
these items
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales was approximately 80 basis points higher in 2014 than 2013. Lower margin business from recent acquisitions and unfavorable exchange rates with Canada offset improved sales mix and operational
 &#151; Operating expenses increased
Selling and distribution expenses
increased $39.6 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase was primarily due to higher distribution and delivery costs resulting from acquisitions and rising freight rates related to increased regulation and tightening carrier capacity. Despite
the increase in total costs
 as a percentage of net sales
General and administrative
expenses increased $37.7 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The increase was primarily related to acquisitions and general business growth
 as well as increases in incentive based compensation expense due to additional employees from acquisitions and
Company performance. Included in the increase were additional net year-over-year costs of $11.6 million from acquisition and integration activities. As a percentage of net sales
 general and administrative expenses were marginally higher at 5.4% in
2014
Amortization expense increased $17.3 million in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to amortization of intangible assets
Other operating expense decreased $3.5 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The decrease was primarily due to reduced costs in
2014 for the soup restructuring and the Seaforth salad dressing plant closure
 as the restructuring projects neared their completion. Restructuring costs related to accelerated depreciation were recorded in Cost of sales. 
&#151; Interest expense in 2014 was $42.0 million
 a decrease of $7.3 million from 2013 due to a decrease in average interest rates
after the Company&#146;s debt refinancing that offset increased borrowings for acquisitions. 
 



&#151; Interest income of $1.0 million in 2014 related to interest earned on the cash held
&#151; The
impact of fluctuations in foreign currency was considerably more pronounced in 2014
 resulting in a loss of $13.4 million in 2014
 versus a loss in 2013 of $2.9 million as the U.S dollar strengthened approximately 6.7% over the prior year. 
&#151; The Company incurred a $22.0 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the extinguishment of the 2018
Other expense (income)
 net 
 versus $3.2 million in 2013
 primarily due to a loss on
 &#151; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of 34.2% for 2014 compared to 30.4% for
2013. The increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 as compared to 2013 was attributable to increased acquisition related expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes
 and the tax impact of a shift in income
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 Compared to Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 &#151; Results by Segment 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31


































173









642











714









282












































































































































Net sales in the North American Retail Grocery segment increased by $531.2 million
 or 32.3%
 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2014 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 





























642

































































173
















The increase in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to acquisitions and increased volume/mix
 partially offset by the impact
of unfavorable exchange rates with Canada. The Company experienced volume/mix gains in the beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 pickles
 and other products categories
 partially offset by decreases in the beverage enhancers
 cereals
and dressings categories. 
 




of sales was a net year-over-year increase of $3.8 million in acquisition and integration costs. After considering the net increase
 cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased by 60 basis points as compared to prior year. The lower margins
from acquisitions and the impact of Canadian foreign exchange were partially offset by improved volume/mix and operating efficiencies. The increase in cost of sales of $432.6 million was primarily due to acquisitions and sales mix. 

 or 37.0%
 primarily due to acquisitions and rising freight rates. 
























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Food Away From Home segment increased by $19.2 million
 or 5.3%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 














































































































Net sales increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of the full year impact of the 2013 Cains acquisition
partially offset by slightly lower volume/mix
 and unfavorable exchanges rates with Canada. Volume/mix increases in the aseptic products
 beverages (primarily single serve hot beverages)
 and other products categories
 were offset by reductions in
the dressings
 pickles
Cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased from 80.2% in 2013
 to 81.6% in
2014
 primarily due to the impact of lower margin sales from acquisitions
 higher input costs
 and operational inefficiencies at several of our legacy plants. Also leading to a higher cost of sales was the impact of Canadian foreign exchange. 

acquisitions and rising freight rates
 partially offset by lower volumes. Freight and commissions were 3.8% of net sales
 a slight increase from 2013. 
 




 remaining relatively flat. 























Year Ended December&nbsp;31











































































































































































































Net sales in the Industrial and Export segment increased by $101.8 million
 or 35.0%
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
2014 compared to the prior year. The change in net sales from 2013 to 2014 was due to the following: 












































































































The increase in net sales was due to acquisitions and improved volume/mix
 partially offset by unfavorable Canadian foreign
exchange. Volume/mix for the segment experienced a 5.7% increase compared to 2013
 as increases in the beverages category (primarily single serve hot beverages) were partially offset by reductions in the jams
 beverage enhancers
 and other
Cost of
sales
 as a percentage of net sales
 increased from 78.4% in 2013 to 79.8% in 2014
 due to the inclusion of lower margin products from acquisitions and the impact of Canadian foreign exchange. Included in cost of sales for 2014 was $1.8 million of
incremental acquisition and integration costs
 as compared to 2013. Also leading to a higher cost of sales was the impact of Canadian foreign exchange. 

freight rates
 higher costs associated with acquisitions
 additional volume
Direct selling and marketing was $2.2 million in
2014 compared to $1.8 million in 2013. As a percentage of net sales
Known
The costs of raw materials
 ingredients
 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have been volatile in recent years and
future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We expect these costs to continue to be volatile with an overall long-term upward trend. We

 




manage the impact of cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we
offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. 

 during 2015
 overall retail food volume is expected to contract
by approximately 1.4%
 with branded and private label manufacturers experiencing contraction of 1.6% and 1.0%
 respectively. This contraction is in contradiction to increased disposable income resulting from lower oil and fuel prices. Recent data
shows that food away from home outlets have shown positive same store growth trends
 with quick serve restaurants improving faster than traditional restaurants. The Company expects that overall tonnage will continue to be challenged
 with pockets of
growth in areas such as &#147;natural&#148; or &#147;better for you&#148; products. This expectation is based on reports that indicate an increased focus on clean ingredients and labels
 resulting in higher demand for &#147;natural&#148; or organic
type products. For example
 consumers appear to be more interested in foods described as being &#147;better for you
&#148; which include fresh or freshly prepared foods
 and natural
 organic
 or specialty foods
 most of which are located at the
perimeter of the store. We have also reviewed reports indicating that certain retailers are shifting
 on a test basis
 traditional snack food items to lower shelves and replacing them with items that can be described as &#147;better for you&#148;
including items such as nuts
 trail mixes
 dried/fresh fruits and granola bars. Also making news is the shifting landscape of cage-free eggs. There have been numerous reports of restaurants and retailers increasing the use of cage-free eggs. As a
manufacturer that uses eggs
 we have considered this trend and have secured suppliers to provide cage-free eggs
 if and when necessary. We believe we have the necessary resources available to address these trends and to continue to focus on
consumer&#146;s needs by developing new formulations
 packaging
During 2015 and 2014
 the U.S. dollar strengthened
 resulting in higher input
costs for Canadian produced products
 as many of the inputs are sourced in the United States. Based on available information
 the Company believes the U.S. dollar may continue to strengthen in 2016
 resulting in further Canadian foreign exchange
losses. The Company estimates the impact on input costs to be approximately $2 million for each one cent change in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar. In addition to higher input costs
 the Company is impacted by the
Competitive
There has been significant consolidation in the retail grocery and foodservice industries in recent years resulting in mass
merchandisers and non-traditional grocers
 such as those offering a limited assortment of products
 to gain market share. As our customer base continues to consolidate
 we expect competition to intensify as we compete for the business of fewer
large customers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to keep our existing customers
 or gain new customers. As the consolidation of the retail grocery and foodservice industry continues
 we could lose sales and profits if any one or more
Both the difficult economic
environment and the increased competitive environment in the retail and foodservice channels have caused competition to become increasingly intense in our business. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. 

 our future growth depends
 in part
 on our ability to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates. The consolidation
trend in the food manufacturing industry and competition for acquisition candidates continues to intensify. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. 
 



 

 investing
 and financing activities. The
Company continues to generate substantial cash from operating activities and remains in a strong financial position
 with resources available for reinvesting in existing businesses
 conducting acquisitions
 and managing its capital structure on a
short and long-term basis. Over the last three years
 the Company has generated $714.0 million in cash flow from operating activities due to strong earnings and by focusing on working capital management. If we need additional borrowings in the
future
 we believe that we have adequate availability under our Revolving Credit Facility. Approximately $534.2 million was available under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. See Notes 11 and 25 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding our Revolving Credit Facility. We believe that
 given our cash flow from operating activities and our available credit capacity
 we comply with the current terms of the Revolving Credit Facility and
Subsequent to year end
 on February&nbsp;1
 2016
 the Company completed its proposed acquisition of the
Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 subject to working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition was funded by the issuance of approximately 13.3&nbsp;million shares of our common stock at $65 per share
 $775 million of 2024
Notes
 and $1
025.0 million of Term Loan A-2 financing
 with the remaining balance funded by borrowings from the Company&#146;s Revolving Credit Facility. The Company obtained Term Loan A-2 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated
as of February&nbsp;1
 2016. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amends
 restates and replaces the Company&#146;s existing Credit Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2014. The Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 will now
mature on February&nbsp;1
 2021. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the prior Credit Agreement. Under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 the Company&#146;s borrowings under the Credit
Agreement are secured obligations
 however
 the security requirements will be removed once the consolidated leverage ratio is at or below 3.5 and the Company has no other pari-passu secured debt outstanding. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31












































































































Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions













































































Cash provided by operations was $285.3 million in 2015
 compared to $212.0 million in 2014
 an increase of $73.3 million.
Contributing to the increase is higher net income of $9.2 million
 after considering depreciation and amortization
 and the impact of the loss on extinguishment of debt in 2014. Cash provided by operating activities was also positively impacted by a
$66.2 million improvement from changes in working capital and $12.7 million from the impact of Canadian foreign exchange (included in the Other line above). The strengthening of the U.S. dollar as compared to the Canadian dollar resulted in
increased foreign exchange expense versus the same period last year. Within working capital
 changes in receivables are the most significant
 providing $40.1 million in cash flows due to more efficient cash collections and softer sales in 2015
versus 2014. Changes in inventories provided $27.2 million
 resulting from the deceleration of inventory growth experienced 
 




in the prior year. Inventory levels were higher in the prior year
 primarily due to softer than expected sales
 as the Company continued to build inventory. Also contributing to the increase in
the prior year was an increase in the amount of inventory produced to maintain and improve service levels. In the current year
 the Company focused on managing inventory
 without sacrificing service
 which resulted in a consistent year-over-year
inventory balance. Another contributor to the increase in cash provided by operating activities was the lower level of stock option exercises as compared to the prior year
 which provided $12.3 million in cash flows due to lower related excess tax
benefits. Stock option exercise activity was higher in the prior year in anticipation of the upcoming expiration of stock options that were granted in 2005 to our executive officers. 

 plant
 and equipment. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31

























Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment






























































Acquisitions
 less cash acquired





















































089





















In 2015
 cash used in investing activities decreased by $1.0 billion
 compared to 2014. The decrease in cash used in investing
activities was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of Protenergy and Flagstone in the second and third quarters of 2014
 respectively
 while there were no acquisitions in the current year. The Company continued to invest in property
 plant
and equipment in 2015
We expect capital spending programs to be approximately $110 million in 2016. Capital
spending in 2016 will focus on food safety
 quality
 productivity improvements
 continued implementation of an ERP system
 and routine equipment upgrades or replacements at our plants. 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31





















































































































































































 




 compared to net cash provided by financing
activities of $885.2 million in 2014. During 2014
 the Company acquired Protenergy and Flagstone using funds from the Credit Agreement and the issuance of stock
 while there were no acquisitions during 2015. Consequently
 the Company used excess
Subsequent to year end
 the Company purchased the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7
billion
 subject to working capital and other adjustments
 and funded the acquisition through the issuance of 13.3&nbsp;million shares of common stock having gross proceeds of approximately $862.5 million
 $775.0 million of senior unsecured notes
due February&nbsp;15
 2024
 and $1
025.0 million of Term Loan A-2 financing
 due February&nbsp;1
 2021
 with the remaining balance funded by borrowings from the Company&#146;s Revolving Credit Facility. 

 $4.1 million
 and $5.3 million in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 to its pension plan
 and expects to make
The earnings of our Canadian operations generate a portion of the Company&#146;s cash. The Company
asserts that these earnings are indefinitely reinvested in Canada and
 accordingly
 are not available to fund U.S. operating activities. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 there was $24.4 million of cash and cash equivalents held by our Canadian
subsidiaries that was not available to fund operations in the U.S. If the cash held in Canada was repatriated
 the Company would need to accrue and pay taxes on the repatriated funds. These funds will be used for general corporate purposes in
Canada
 including capital projects and acquisitions. We do not believe that the indefinite reinvestment of these funds in Canada impairs our ability to meet our debt or working capital obligations. 
In the aggregate
 our sales do not
vary significantly by quarter but are slightly weighted toward the second half of the year
 particularly the fourth quarter
 with a more pronounced impact on profitability. As our product portfolio has grown
 we have shifted to a higher percentage
of cold weather products. Products that show a higher level of seasonality include non-dairy powdered creamer
 coffee
 specialty teas
 cappuccinos
 and hot cereal
 all of which generally have higher sales in the first and fourth quarters.
Additionally
 sales of soup and snack nuts are generally higher in the fourth quarter. Warmer weather products such as dressings and pickles typically have higher sales in the second quarter
 while drink mixes generally show higher sales in the
second and third quarters. As a result of our product portfolio and the related seasonality
 our financing needs are generally highest in the second and third quarters due to inventory builds
 while cash flow is highest in the first and fourth
quarters following the seasonality of our sales. 















December&nbsp;31


























































































244





459







854





759

















099





219












On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a new five year revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
million (the &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148;) and a $300 million term loan (&#147;Term Loan A&#148;) 
 




pursuant to a new credit agreement. The proceeds from the Term Loan A and a draw at closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in full
 amounts outstanding under our prior $750
million revolving credit facility (the &#147;Prior Credit Agreement&#148;). The new credit agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 which was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder on May&nbsp;6
 2014. 

 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Agreement (the &#147;Amendment&#148;)
 which
 among other things
 provided for a
new $200 million term loan (&#147;Term Loan A-1&#148;). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the &#147;Acquisition Term Loan&#148;) was used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone. 

 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 are known collectively as the &#147;Credit Agreement.&#148; The Company is in compliance with
all applicable covenants as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. From an interest coverage ratio perspective
 the Company&#146;s ratio is nearly 106.7% higher than the minimum required level. As it relates to the leverage ratio
 the Company was nearly 45.3%
below the maximum level. The Company&#146;s average interest rate on debt outstanding under its Credit Facility for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 was 1.91%. 

 2016
 the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 which
 among other things
 changed various maturity dates
provided for the issuance of a new term loan that is secured
 and changed credit spreads. The below is a summary of the Credit Agreement as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. 
 &#151; As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $534.2 million of the aggregate commitment of $900 million of the Revolving Credit
Facility was available. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. In addition
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 there were $12.8 million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but undrawn
 which have
Interest is payable quarterly or at the end of the applicable interest period in
arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00% (inclusive of
the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s
The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and
indirect subsidiaries described as follows: During the fourth quarter of 2015
 the Company updated its legal structure and consolidated American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation into a single
100% owned indirect guarantor subsidiary
 Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (formerly known as Snacks Holding Corporation). Additionally
 the following legal entities were added as guarantors in the fourth quarter: Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.;
Cains Foods L.P.; and Cains GP
 LLC. As a result
 Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 and S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. together with the fourth quarter changes noted above
 and certain other subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future
are collectively known as the &#147;Guarantor Subsidiaries.&#148; In the fourth quarter of 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a Guarantor Subsidiary. The Revolving Credit Facility contains various financial and restrictive covenants and requires
that the Company maintain certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in the event TreeHouse or the
Guarantor Subsidiaries (i)&nbsp;fails to make a payment when due in respect of any indebtedness or guarantee having an aggregate principal amount greater than $50 million or (ii)&nbsp;fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition
related to such indebtedness or guarantee as a result of which the holder(s) of such debt are permitted to accelerate the payment of such debt. 
 



 &#151; On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a $300 million senior unsecured term loan
pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Term Loan A matures on May&nbsp;6
 2021. The interest rates applicable to the Term Loan A are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin
ranging from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis. Term Loan A is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving
Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
Term
Loan A-1
 2014
 the Company entered into a $200 million unsecured term loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Term Loan A-1 matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are based on the
Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. Payments
are due on a quarterly basis. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $190.0 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1.
 &#151; On March&nbsp;11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of
4.875% notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;). The net proceeds of $394 million ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the Company&#146;s
previously issued 7.75% notes due on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;2018 Notes&#148;). The Company issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 and the Trustee. 

 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company&#146;s payment obligations
under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers under its
credit agreement
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on March&nbsp;15
 2022. 

 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022
Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable &#147;make-whole&#148; premium. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior to
March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings. 

 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes
at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
The Indenture
contains restrictive covenants that
 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to: (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii)&nbsp;make certain investments
 (iii)&nbsp;incur additional
indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&nbsp;create liens
 (v)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other payments (except for certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with
other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and (viii)&nbsp;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the
Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#146;s Investors Services
 Inc. and Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no
longer apply to the 2022 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes are rated investment grade by the two rating agencies. 
 



 section describes changes to our capital structure that occurred subsequent to
year end
 in connection with the acquisition of the Private Brands Business and the Company&#146;s entrance into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. 
The following table
summarizes the Company&#146;s obligations and commitments to make future payments as of December&nbsp;31
Indebtedness
 Purchase
 and Lease
Obligations 












































































































































































































































































































































































104

















































 2015. The principal is due May&nbsp;6
 2019. The Revolving Credit Facility had interest at an
average rate of 1.82% at December&nbsp;31
 2015. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.) 




 2015. Term Loan A matures on May 6
 2021. Term Loan A had interest at an average rate of 2.35% at December&nbsp;31
 2015.
(See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.) 




 2015. Term Loan A-1 had interest at an average rate of 2.20% at December 31
 2015. Term Loan A-1 matures on May 6
 2019.
(See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.) 




 2022. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.) 








sufficient supply of raw ingredients. In addition
 we have contractual obligations to purchase various services that are a part of our production process. 




 the accompanying balance sheets do not reflect operating lease obligations. Operating lease obligations
consist of minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases. 




 












 2015. The timing of cash settlement
 if any
 cannot be reasonably estimated. The Company&#146;s gross
unrealized tax benefit included in the tabular reconciliation (see Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information) was approximately $19.5 million. The difference between the gross unrecognized tax benefit and the amount

 Purchase and Lease Obligations
 interest
 penalties
 as well as the impact of state taxes on the federal tax liability. Deferred
tax liabilities are excluded from the table due to uncertainty in their timing. 




 2019. (See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
In addition to the commitments set forth in the above table
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company had $12.8 million in
letters of credit
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
The Company does not have any obligations that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet arrangement
 other than operating leases and letters of
credit
Other Commitments and
The Company also has the following commitments and contingent liabilities
 in addition to contingent liabilities related to ordinary
course litigation
 investigations
 and tax audits: 






 and 






 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#146; compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. 

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those most important to the portrayal of a company&#146;s financial condition and results
 and require the most difficult
 subjective
 or complex judgments. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction
is specifically dictated by GAAP with no need for the application of our judgment. In certain circumstances
 however
 the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use our judgment to make certain
estimates and assumptions. These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of net sales and
expenses during the reporting period. We have identified the policies described below as our critical accounting policies. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of significant accounting policies. 
&#151; We maintain an allowance for customer promotional programs
 marketing co-op programs
 and other sales and
marketing expenses. This allowance is based on a combination of historical rolling twelve month average program activity and specific customer program accruals
 and can fluctuate due to the level of sales and marketing programs
 and timing of
deductions. This allowance was $23.0 million and $21.8 million
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. 
 



 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued
using the last-in
 first-out (&#147;LIFO&#148;) method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the first-in
 first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. These
valuations have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete and defective products and packaging materials. The estimated allowance is based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimates of future demand
 changes in formulas and packaging
materials
 and inferior product. The Company&#146;s allowances were $22.3 million and $18.0 million at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. 
 &#151; Goodwill and intangible assets totaled $2
296.4 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 resulting primarily from
acquisitions. Upon acquisition
 the purchase price is first allocated to identifiable assets and liabilities
 including but not limited to inventory
 accounts payable
 trademarks and customer-related intangible assets
 with any remaining purchase
price recorded as goodwill. Goodwill and indefinite lived trademarks are not amortized. For purposes of goodwill impairment testing goodwill has been allocated to the following reporting units: 











December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015



























































649








The Company&#146;s reporting units are based on the components one level below our operating and reportable segments. No
We evaluate indefinite lived trademarks and goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or more frequently
if other events occur
 to ensure that fair value continues to exceed the related book value. An indefinite lived trademark is impaired if its book value exceeds fair value. Goodwill impairment exists if the book value of a reporting unit exceeds its
fair value. If the fair value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its discounted future cash flows. Future business results could affect the evaluation of our
The Company completed its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment analysis as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. Our
assessment did not result in an impairment. We have ten reporting units
 six of which contain goodwill totaling $1
649.8 million. Our analysis employed the use of both a market and income approach
 with each method given equal weighting. Significant
assumptions used in the income approach include growth and discount rates
 margins
 and the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital. We used historical performance and management estimates of future performance to determine margins and
growth rates. Discount rates selected for each reporting unit varied
 with the weighted average of all discount rates approximating the total Company discount rate. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and
capital structure assumptions. Of the six reporting units with goodwill
 all have fair values that the Company considers to be substantially in excess of their carrying values (between 10% and 135%). Considerable management judgment is necessary to
evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Assumptions used
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans. Changes in our estimates or any
of our other assumptions used in our analysis could result in a different conclusion. 
 




sales and cash flow performance that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. If these perpetual trademark criteria are not met
 the trademarks are amortized over their expected useful lives. Determining the expected life of a trademark
requires considerable management judgment and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors including the competitive environment
 market share
 trademark history
 and anticipated future trademark support. 

 which include our trademarks totaling $25.2 million
 using the relief from royalty method. Significant
assumptions include the royalty
 growth
 margins
 and discount rates. Our assumptions were based on historical performance and management estimates of future performance
 as well as available data on licenses of similar products. Our analysis
resulted in no impairment. The Company&#146;s policy is that indefinite lived assets must have a history of strong sales and cash flow performance that we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. When these criteria are no longer met
 the
Company changes the classification. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows. Our analysis resulted in fair values that are in excess of the asset&#146;s carrying
We evaluate
amortizable intangible assets
 which primarily include customer relationships and trademarks
 for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its fair value
No impairment was
identified and the Company concluded no changes are necessary to the remaining useful lives or values of the remaining amortizable intangible assets as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. 
 &#151; We allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. All identifiable assets
acquired
 including identifiable intangible assets
 and liabilities assumed are assigned a portion of the purchase price of the acquired company
 normally equal to their fair values at the date of acquisition. While each acquisition is different
the Company typically identifies customer lists
 formulas
 and trade names as identifiable intangible assets
 with the majority of value being allocated to customer lists. The excess of the purchase price of the acquired company over the sum of the
amounts assigned to identifiable assets acquired
 less liabilities assumed
 is recorded as goodwill. We record the initial purchase price allocation based on an evaluation of information and estimates available at the date of the financial
statements. As final information regarding fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are refined
 appropriate adjustments are made to the purchase price allocation. To the extent that such adjustments indicate
that the fair value of assets and liabilities differ from their preliminary purchase price allocations
 such differences would adjust the amounts allocated to those assets and liabilities and would change the amounts allocated to goodwill. The final
purchase price allocation includes the consideration of a number of factors to determine the fair values of individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 including quoted market prices
 forecasted future cash flows
 net realizable values
estimates of the present value of required payments
 &#151; Deferred taxes are
recognized for future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. We periodically estimate our probable tax obligations
using historical experience in tax jurisdictions and informed judgments. There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These judgments and estimates made at a point in
time may change based on the outcome of tax audits and changes to
 or further interpretations of
 regulations. If such changes take place
 there is a risk that our tax rate may increase or decrease in any period
 which would impact our earnings.
Future business results may affect deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of deferred tax assets over time. 
 



 &#151; Income before income taxes
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 included share-based compensation expense for employees and directors of $22.9 million and $25.1 million
The fair
value of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock unit awards
 and performance units (the &#147;Awards&#148;) is determined on the date of grant. Stock options are valued using a Black Scholes model. Performance units and all other
restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards are valued using the closing price of the Company&#146;s stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense
 as calculated and recorded
 could have been impacted if other assumptions were
used. Furthermore
 if we use different assumptions in future periods
 stock-based compensation expense could be impacted in future periods. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company&#146;s stock price. The Company has
estimated that certain employees will complete the required service conditions associated with the Awards. For all other employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures as not all employees are expected to complete the required service conditions. The
expected service period is the longer of the derived service period
 as determined from the output of the valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the Awards. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life
of the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We based the expected term on the simplified method as described under the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;107. Under this approach
 the
expected term is 6 years. The assumptions used to calculate the stock option and restricted stock awards granted in 2015 are presented in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 &#151; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#146;
compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third-party carriers having high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage.
Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that contemplate a number of variables
 including claims history and expected trends. These loss development
factors are based on industry factors and
 along with the estimated liabilities
 are developed by us in consultation with external insurance brokers and actuaries. At December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 we recorded accrued liabilities related to these
retained risks of $15.8 million and $14.7 million
 respectively
 including both current and long-term liabilities. Changes in loss development factors
 claims history
 and cost trends could result in substantially different results in the future.
 &#151; We provide a range of benefits to our employees
 including pension and postretirement benefits to our eligible
employees and retirees. We record annual amounts relating to these plans based on calculations specified by GAAP
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates
 assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
employee turnover rates
 and health care cost trend rates. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when appropriate. As required by GAAP
 the effect of the
modifications is generally recorded and amortized over future periods. Different assumptions that we make could result in the recognition of different amounts of expense over different periods. 

 under our investment policy as written by our investment committee (the &#147;Investment Committee&#148;)
 target equities
at 55% to 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At December&nbsp;31
 2015
 our master trust was invested as follows: equity securities of 59.7%; fixed income securities of 39.9%; and cash and cash equivalents of 0.4%. 

allocations of the pension plan&#146;s investments. Additionally
 we consider the weighted-average return of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable equity
 debt
 and other investments. The resulting weighted average expected
While a number of the key assumptions related to our qualified pension plans are long-term in nature
including assumed investment rates of return
 compensation increases
 employee turnover rates
 and mortality rates
 GAAP 
 




requires that our discount rate assumption be more heavily weighted to current market conditions. As such
 our discount rate will likely change more frequently. We used a discount rate to
determine our estimated future benefit obligations of 4.5% at December&nbsp;31
 2015. If the discount rate were one percent higher
 the pension plan liability would have been approximately 12.4%
 or $8.4 million lower
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015.
If the discount rate were one percent lower
 the pension plan liability would have been approximately 15.5%
 or $10.6 million higher
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. 

Information regarding
recent accounting pronouncements is provided in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

For each of these non-GAAP
financial measures
 we provide a reconciliation between the non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why management believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to financial statement users
 and
any additional purposes for which management uses the non-GAAP measure. This non-GAAP financial information is provided as additional information for the financial statement users and is not in accordance with or an alternative to GAAP. These
Diluted EPS
 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability
The adjusted earnings per share data shown below reflects adjustments to reported earnings per share data to identify items that
 in management&#146;s
judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of earnings results between periods. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of the Company&#146;s earnings performance between periods and to view the
Company&#146;s business from the same perspective as Company management. This measure is also used as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of the Company&#146;s performance for incentive compensation purposes. As the Company
cannot predict the timing and amount of charges that include
 but are not limited to
 items such as acquisition
 integration
 and related costs
 debt refinancing costs
 or facility closings and reorganizations
 management does not consider these
costs when evaluating the Company&#146;s performance
 when making decisions regarding the allocation of resources
 in determining incentive compensation for management
 or in determining earnings estimates. 
 




 excluding certain items affecting comparability
 to the relevant GAAP measure
of diluted EPS as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income
 is as follows: 














December 31




































Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs




































































During 2015
 the Company entered into transactions that affected the year-over-year comparison of its financial results that
include foreign currency losses on intercompany notes
 mark-to-market adjustments
The Company acquired two entities in 2014 and
no entities in 2015
 leading to a decrease in year-over-year acquisition and integration costs. Acquisition and integration costs incurred in 2015 primarily related to the acquisition of the Private Brands Business
 which was completed on
February&nbsp;1
During 2014 the Company incurred $22.2 million of costs related to debt refinancing activities completed during the year
 while in
The Company has Canadian dollar denominated intercompany loans and incurred foreign currency losses of
$20.6 million in 2015 versus $10.4 million in the prior year to re-measure the loans at year end. The increase is due to the devaluation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar in 2015 versus 2014. These charges are non-cash and the loans are
The Company&#146;s derivative contracts are marked-to-market each period with the changes being recorded in the Consolidated
Statements of Income. These are non-cash charges. As the contracts are settled
As the Company continues to
grow
 consolidation or restructuring activities are necessary. During 2015
 the Company incurred approximately $4.8 million in costs versus $2.4 million last year. 
Adjusted EBITDA
 Adjusting for Certain Items Affecting Comparability 

 income tax expense
 depreciation and amortization expense
 non-cash stock based
compensation expense
 and other items that
 in management&#146;s judgment
 significantly affect the assessment of operating results between periods. Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure used by management
 and the Company believes it is commonly
reported and widely used by investors and other interested parties
 as a measure of a company&#146;s operating performance. 
 




Income
 the relevant GAAP measure
 to adjusted net income (used for adjusted EPS) and adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014: 














December 31



















































Acquisition
 integration
 and related costs (3)








































































































































































































December&nbsp;31


























































(3) Acquisition
 integration and related costs
























































































































(6) Depreciation and amortization included in acquisition
 integration and related costs
























 






Interest Rate Fluctuations
Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the amount of interest expense we expect to pay with respect to our
Credit Agreement
 which is tied to variable market rates including LIBOR and prime interest rates. Based on our outstanding debt balance of $838.5 million under the Credit Agreement as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 each 1% rise in our interest rate
would increase our interest expense by approximately $8.4 million annually. We do not hold any derivative financial instruments which could expose us to significant interest rate market risk
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. 
Certain commodities we use in the
production and distribution of our products are exposed to market price risk. To manage that risk
 we utilize derivative contracts
 the majority of which qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception and are not recorded on the
balance sheet of the Company. To evaluate the market price risk of these contracts
 we prepare a sensitivity analysis to quantify the Company&#146;s potential exposure to commodity price risk with respect to our derivative portfolio (inclusive of
contracts that qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception). Based on our analysis
 a hypothetical ten percent change in commodity prices would increase or decrease the fair value of the portfolio by $23.8 million and $(23.8)
million
 respectively. We do not utilize financial instruments for trading purposes. 

 packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy have varied widely in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of
operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. When comparing fiscal 2015 to 2014
 price increases in coffee
 vegetables
 and fruits were offset by price decreases in soybean oil
 dairy
 and sweeteners. The price of crude oil has
also been particularly volatile recently. Additionally
 the spread of avian flu throughout the U.S. chicken population drove egg prices significantly higher in 2015. As a purchaser of eggs for various products
 we are subject to these price changes
and worked to minimize the impact on our results. We expect the volatile nature of these costs to continue
We
manage the cost of certain raw materials by entering into forward purchase contracts. Forward purchase contracts help us manage our business and reduce cost volatility. There can be no assurance that our purchasing programs will result in the
optimal price. Some of these forward purchase contracts qualify as derivatives; however
 the majority of commodity forward contracts are not derivatives. Those that are derivatives generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the
Company records their fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
Our
raw materials consist of ingredients and packaging materials. Principal ingredients used in our operations include soybean oil
 corn syrup
 nuts (cashews
 peanuts
 pecans and almonds)
 palm oil
 coconut oil
 wheat
 sugar
 tomatoes
 oats
 casein
cheese
 eggs
 non-fat dry milk
 coffee
 tea
 cucumbers
 peppers
 processed meats
 and fruit. These ingredients are generally purchased under supply contracts
 and we occasionally engage in forward buying when we determine such buying to be to our
advantage. When entering into contracts for input costs
 the Company generally seeks contract lengths between nine and twelve months. We believe these ingredients generally are available from a number of suppliers. The cost of raw materials used in
our products may fluctuate due to weather conditions
 regulations
 industry and general U.S. and global economic conditions
 fuel prices
 energy costs
 labor disputes
 transportation delays
 political unrest
 or other unforeseen circumstances. The
most important packaging materials and supplies used in our operations are glass
 plastic
 and 
 




corrugated containers
 metal closures
 and metal cans. Most packaging materials are purchased under long-term supply contracts. We believe these packaging materials are generally available from a
number of suppliers. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials and packaging supplies can adversely affect our performance
 as price changes often lag behind changes in costs
 and we are not always able to adjust our pricing to reflect changes in
Changes in the prices of our products may lag behind changes in the costs of our products. Competitive pressures also may
limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to increased raw materials
 packaging
 fuel
 and energy costs. Accordingly
 if we are unable to increase our prices to offset increasing costs
 our operating profits and margins could be
materially affected. In addition
 in instances of declining input costs
 customers may seek price reductions in situations where we are locked into pricing at higher costs. 
The Company is
exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency as a result of our Canadian subsidiaries
 where the functional currency is the Canadian dollar. Items that give rise to foreign exchange transaction gains and losses primarily include foreign denominated
intercompany loans and input costs. The foreign exchange gain or loss on intercompany loans and foreign denominated working capital balances are recorded in the Loss on foreign currency exchange line of the Consolidated Statements of Income where
the Company recognized losses of $26.1 million
 $13.4 million
 and $2.9 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 

 resulting in higher costs when
the U.S. dollar strengthens compared to the Canadian dollar. The Company estimates the impact on input costs (and Cost of sales) to be approximately $2 million for each one cent change in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar. 

 2015
 2014
and 2013
 the Company recognized translation losses of $49.2 million
 $26.6 million
 and $22.7 million
 respectively
 as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

 the U.S. dollar strengthened
 resulting in the losses described above. The devaluation of the Canadian dollar
 in management&#146;s view
 is
correlated to the reduced price of oil. The average exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar has resulted in the U.S. dollar strengthening approximately 13.5% over the average rate in 2014
 while the exchange rate at December&nbsp;31
 2015
shows that the U.S. dollar strengthened approximately 16.4% as compared to the rate at December&nbsp;31
 2014. Recent economic data and the strengthening of the average U.S. dollar over the last two years indicates the potential for further
strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2016
The Company enters into foreign currency contracts due
to the exposure to Canadian/U.S. dollar currency fluctuations on cross border transactions. The Company does not apply hedge accounting to these contracts and records them at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The contracts are entered
into for the purchase of U.S. dollar denominated raw materials by our Canadian subsidiaries. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company had $23.0 million of U.S. dollar foreign currency contracts outstanding. 
 






The Consolidated Financial Statements
for 2015 are included in this report on the following pages: 














Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014





Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and
2013





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;
31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013











 



 
TreeHouse Foods
Oak Brook
We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2015. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item&nbsp;15. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility
of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of TreeHouse Foods
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set
We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission and our report dated February&nbsp;18
 2016
 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2016 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data) 














December&nbsp;31
















































Receivables
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $582 and $1
333











Inventories
 net













































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net















649





667



Intangible assets
 net











Other assets
 net

























702





858












































































221





437









































847





099























Preferred stock
 par value $.01 per share
 10
000 shares authorized
 none issued









Common stock
 par value $.01 per share
 90
000 shares authorized
 43
126 and 42
663 shares issued and outstanding
respectively













207





177









































854





759

















702





858













 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data) 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


















206





946





293







562





339





818



































































































Other operating expense
 net





























































































































































Other (income) expense
 net









































































































































































































 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31
































































































































































 




 $(3
683)
 and $4
592 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 




See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


























































Balance
 January&nbsp;1
 2013



























179




























































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2013



























273




















































































































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2014












177















759




























































































































































































































Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2015












207















854





























 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31































































































































































































































































Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions:































































Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities





























































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

































Acquisitions
 less cash acquired


















































































089

































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year






























Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year






























 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 

Years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 




&#151; The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its 100% owned
direct and indirect subsidiaries (the &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;TreeHouse
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; or &#147;our&#148;). All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2014
 as a result of the Flagstone
acquisition
 the Company added a new product category for Snacks. This change did not require prior period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information. 
 &#151; The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to use judgment to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 &#151; We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of
December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 $24.4 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for general corporate
purposes in Canada
 &#151; Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Pickle
inventories are valued using the LIFO method and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories include raw
materials
 labor
Property
 plant
 and equipment
 plant
 and equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus
capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction period of major capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 






















We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not improve or extend the life of the assets
 are
 &#151; Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated
useful lives as follows: 


































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset is written down to fair
value
Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted
Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an interim
assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of December&nbsp;31) at the reporting unit level using market and income approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit. The
market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;) and applies a range of multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value.
In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent publically available information. Our estimates under the income approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow
model. In determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with each approach given equal weighting. The resulting value is then compared to the carrying value of each
reporting unit. If the book value of the reporting unit exceeds the indicated fair value
 goodwill is then considered under the second step of the impairment test. In the second step
 goodwill impairment is measured as the difference between the
implied value of goodwill and its carrying value. The implied value of goodwill is determined based on a hypothetical analysis that calculates the fair value of goodwill as if the related reporting unit were being acquired in a business combination.
 &#151; We measure compensation expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The resulting expense is
 &#151; Sales are recognized when persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our
agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating expense based on our historical experience. 
 &#151; We provide credit terms to customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing credit evaluations of our
customers
 and maintain allowances for potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer balances are written off after all collection efforts are exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from
 &#151; The provision for income taxes includes federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes
currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the difference between the financial statement
and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. Deferred income tax expenses or credits
 &#151; The
functional currency of the Company&#146;s foreign operations is the applicable local currency. The functional currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
and for revenue and expense accounts using
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 

Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in Other expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
 &#151; Our shipping and handling costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and distribution expense
 depending on
the nature of such costs. Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and costs associated with transporting finished products from our manufacturing facilities to
distribution warehouses. Shipping and handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a component of
selling and distribution expense were approximately $87.2 million
 $80.0 million
 and $55.3 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 
 &#151; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate and commodity swaps
foreign currency contracts
 and forward purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The Company accounts
for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or
loss is recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities
 and therefore are not subject to
its provisions. For further information about our derivative instruments
 &#151; Capital lease obligations
represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are generally payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets financed. 
 &#151; We retain selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#146;
compensation claims
 and other casualty losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with stop-loss coverage.
Accrued liabilities for incurred but not reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated based upon loss development factors that consider a number of elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop these accruals
 &#151; We periodically record facility closing and
reorganization charges when we have identified a facility for closure or other reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of operating income. See Note 3 for more
 &#151; We record research and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report them in
the General and administrative expense line of our Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $14.3 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 
 &#151; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution expense line of our Consolidated
Statements of Income. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






In November 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-17
 
 which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes in a classified statement of financial position by requiring that all deferred income tax assets and
liabilities be classified as noncurrent. Although the ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
which resulted in the reclassification of deferred income tax assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The adoption of the ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 10 for additional details.
In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-15

Arrangements
 which clarifies the Securities and Exchange Commission&#146;s (&#147;SEC&#148;) position on the presentation and measurement of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The ASU clarifies that the
SEC will not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement. This ASU is effective upon issuance and
In April 2015
 the FASB
issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-07
 
 which removes the requirement to categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which fair
value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient discussed in ASC 820-10-35. The ASU also limits required disclosures to investments for which an entity has elected to measure fair value using the practical expedient. Under
current guidance
 certain disclosures are required for all investments eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Although the ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
2015
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which resulted in the removal of disclosures with regard to the categorization within the fair value hierarchy for certain
investments measured using the practical expedient for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 16 for additional details. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-03

Issuance Costs
 which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet. Under the ASU
 an entity will present debt issuance costs as a direct deduction of the related debt liability with the amortization of the debt issuance
costs reported as interest expense. Under current guidance
 debt issuance costs are reported separately as an asset with the amortization recorded as interest expense. Although the ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
2015
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which resulted in the reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not associated with line-of-credit arrangements in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 11 for additional details. 
In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU
No.&nbsp;2015-16

 
identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The ASU also requires acquirers to present 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



separately on the face of the income statement
 or disclose in the notes
 the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. The Company will apply this guidance prospectively
beginning January&nbsp;1
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-11


entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value (&#147;NRV&#148;). This ASU will not apply to inventory valued under the last-in-first-out method. Under current guidance
 an entity is required to measure inventory at the
lower of cost or market
 with market defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a normal profit margin. The three market measurements added complexity and reduced comparability in the valuation of inventory. FASB issued this ASU as part of its
simplification initiative to address these issues. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the standard. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-15
 
providing additional guidance surrounding the disclosure of going concern uncertainties in the financial statements and implementing requirements for management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a
going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of the
ASU will result in additional disclosures
 however
 management will begin performing the periodic assessments required by the ASU on its effective date. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-09
 
 which introduced a new framework to be used when recognizing
revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity and increase comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017. The standard requires that entities apply the effects of these changes to all prior years presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full retrospective method
 which presents the impact of the change
separately in each prior year presented
 or the modified retrospective method
 which includes the cumulative changes to all prior years presented in beginning retained earnings in the year of initial adoption. The Company has not yet determined
which of the two adoption methods to elect. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have upon adoption. 




City of Industry
 California
 2015
 the Company announced the planned closing of the City of Industry
California facility after reviewing the operation and identifying an opportunity to lower production costs. Production at the facility
 which primarily relates to liquid non-dairy creamer and refrigerated salad dressings in the Food Away From Home
segment
 is expected to cease in the first quarter of 2016
 with full closure of the facility expected in the third quarter of 2016. Production will be moved to other Company-owned manufacturing facilities
 as well as to third-party
co-manufacturers. Total costs to close the City of Industry facility are expected to be approximately $10.9 million as detailed below
 of which approximately $7.2 million is expected to be in cash. Expenses associated with the facility closure are
primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with the exception of asset-related costs
 which are recorded in Cost of sales. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
























December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015










































































































As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company has accrued $0.4 million of severance and $0.8 million with respect to a partial
 &#151; In
August of 2012
 following a strategic review of the soup category
 the Company announced a restructuring plan that included reductions to the cost structure of the Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facility by reorganizing and simplifying the soup business
there and the closure of the Mendota
 Illinois soup plant. The restructuring has reduced manufacturing costs by streamlining operations and transferring production from the Mendota plant to the Pittsburgh plant. Production at the Mendota facility
was primarily related to the North American Retail Grocery segment and ended as of December&nbsp;31
 2012
 with full plant closure in the second quarter of 2013. The Company incurred approximately $0.6 million of closure costs with respect to this
project in 2015 and $1.5 million in 2014. Expenses incurred associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The restructuring is substantially complete.
Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
Canada
 and the transfer of production to facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the fourth quarter of
2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first quarter of 2014. The Company incurred $0.9 million of closure costs with respect to this project in 2014 and none in 2015. Expenses incurred associated with the facility closure are primarily
aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. This restructuring is complete. 




On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the
Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Flagstone
 a privately owned U.S. based manufacturer of branded and private label varieties of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. Flagstone is one of the
largest manufacturers and distributors of private label wholesome snacks in the United States
 and is the largest manufacturer of trail mix and dried fruits in the United States. The purchase price was approximately $854.2 million
 net of acquired
cash
 after adjustments for working capital. The acquisition was financed through additional borrowings and the issuance of common stock. The acquisition expanded our existing product offerings by providing the Company with an entrance into the
wholesome snack food category
The Flagstone acquisition is accounted for under the
acquisition method of accounting and the results of operations are included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North American Retail 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



Grocery and Industrial and Export segments. Included in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statements of Income are&nbsp;Flagstone&#146;s net sales of approximately $287.3 million and net income of
$3.8 million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
We have
completed the allocation of the purchase price to net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows: 

































Property
 plant
 and equipment

































































012



































The Company allocated $231.7 million to customer relationships and $6.3 million to trade names
 each of which have an
estimated life of 15 years. The Company allocated $1.6 million to recipes and formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company allocated $1.8 million to capitalized software with an estimated life of 1 year. The aforementioned
intangibles are amortized on a straight line basis. The Company allocated $2.5 million to supplier relationships
 which are amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed over the
period of one year. The Company has allocated all $511.3 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities related to Flagstone&#146;s product offerings in the
snacking category. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately $8.9 million in acquisition costs during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included
in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Since the initial preliminary purchase price allocation included in the Company&#146;s annual report for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 net adjustments
of $5.7 million were made to decrease the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



acquisition of Flagstone had been completed as of January&nbsp;1
 2014. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 the
issuance of common stock
 interest expense related tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations. 











December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014




(In&nbsp;thousands








332













































On
May&nbsp;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Protenergy
 a privately owned Canadian based manufacturer of broths
 soups
 and gravies. Protenergy specializes in providing products in carton and recart packaging for both
private label and corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national brands. The Company paid $140.1 million
 net of acquired cash
 for the purchase of Protenergy. The acquisition was financed through borrowings under the Revolving
Credit Facility. The acquisition expanded our existing packaging capabilities and enables us to offer customers a full range of soup products
 as well as leverage our research and development capabilities in the evolution of shelf stable liquids
The Protenergy acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and the results of operations are
included in our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments. Included in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statements of Income are Protenergy&#146;s net sales of
approximately $116.4 million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
 2014. Also included is a net loss of $2.8 million from the date of acquisition through December&nbsp;31
 2014. This loss includes integration costs of $6.1 million.




































Property
 plant
 and equipment






















































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



$0.4 million to formulas with an estimated life of 5 years. These intangible assets are amortized on a straight line basis. The Company recorded $7.6 million of unfavorable contractual agreements
 which have an estimated life of 2.6 years. These
unfavorable contracts are amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic costs are incurred. As of the acquisition date
 the Company has allocated all $50.7 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery segment.
Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion opportunities
 driven in part by Protenergy&#146;s packaging technology. None of the goodwill resulting from this acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately $3.3 million in
acquisition costs during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 2014
 net
adjustments of $0.2 million were made to increase the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill. 

January&nbsp;1
 2014. Adjustments have been made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the business
combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative of future results of operations. 











December&nbsp;31
 2014




(In&nbsp;thousands








006


















































 














December&nbsp;31



















































































We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of
each balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
 available-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification. The investments held by the Company are classified as
trading securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value recorded as a component of the Interest income or Interest expense line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows from purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading
securities are included in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which the securities were acquired. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities that are classified as
short-term investments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term investments as they have characteristics of other current assets and are actively managed. 

 2015 and
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $24.4 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash and cash equivalents held in Canada in local currency and are convertible into other currencies. The cash and cash equivalents held in Canada are expected to be
used for general corporate purposes in Canada
For the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 we recognized
unrealized losses totaling $1.3 million that are included in the Interest expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and $1.3 million in unrealized gains that are included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of
Income. Additionally
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 we recognized a realized gain on investments totaling $0.2 million that was included in the Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. When securities are sold
their cost is determined based on the FIFO method. 




 














December&nbsp;31



















































































Approximately $88.1 million and $87.4 million of our inventory was accounted for under the LIFO method of accounting at
December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The LIFO reserve reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 over the amount at which these inventories were valued on the consolidated balance
sheets. No LIFO inventory liquidation occurred in 2015 or 2014. Approximately $128.9 and $117.3 million of our net inventory was accounted for using the weighted average costing approach at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. 




PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT 
 














December&nbsp;31












































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net





















 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 $63.3 million
 and $73.3 million in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
respectively. 





 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 








































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2014


















119






































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2014



439















667






























































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2015



423















649























 other than goodwill
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 















December&nbsp;31



























































The decrease in the indefinite lived intangibles balance is due to foreign currency translation. Our 2015 and 2014 impairment
The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of intangible assets
with finite lives
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 






























December&nbsp;31
















































































































































































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 2015
 the weighted average remaining useful lives for the amortizable intangible
assets are (1)&nbsp;customer-related at 13.0 years
 (2)&nbsp;contractual agreements at 2.3 years
 (3)&nbsp;trademarks at 10.9 years
 (4)&nbsp;formulas/recipes at 3.8 years
 and (5)&nbsp;computer software at 4.4 years. The weighted average remaining
useful life in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 12.5 years as of December&nbsp;31
Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of
December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014 were $646.7 million and $716.3 million
 respectively. Amortization expense on intangible assets was $60.6 million
 $52.6 million
 and $35.4 million
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
respectively. Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next five years is as follows: 















































Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows.
Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
 such as forecasted growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our internal projections and operating plans. 




 














December&nbsp;31
































































Health insurance
 workers&#146; compensation
 and other insurance costs







































































 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 2014
 and 2013 provision for income taxes: 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31



























































































































































































































































The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax
expense reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31























































































Other
 net











































































December&nbsp;31




































































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 the Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-17
 which resulted in the
reclassification of deferred income tax assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. This change decreased non-current liabilities by $35.6 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 with a corresponding decrease in current
The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal
 Canada and various U.S. state jurisdictions. In the U.S.
federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and forward; for Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
 2010 and forward and for the
various U.S. state jurisdictions the Company is generally open to examination for the tax year ended December&nbsp;31
During the third
quarter of 2015
 the Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) initiated an examination of Flagstone Foods
 Inc.&#146;s pre-acquisition 2013 tax year. The Canadian Revenue Agency (&#147;CRA&#148;) is currently examining the 2008 through 2013 tax
years of E.D. Smith. The IRS and CRA examinations are expected to be completed in 2016 or 2017. The Company has examinations in process with various state taxing authorities
 which are expected to be complete in 2016. 

next 12 months
During the year
 the
Company recorded adjustments to its unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31












































































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits are included in Other long-term liabilities in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Included in the balance at December&nbsp;31
 2015 are amounts that are offset by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences). Of the amount accrued at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 $7.1 million and $5.2 million
 respectively
The Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related to its domestic and international
operations which have a 20 year definite life. The Company has recorded a deferred asset of $3.9 million reflecting the benefit of $13.0 million in loss carryforwards. All of the loss carryforwards expire between 2032 and 2034. 

December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company recognized $0.1 million
 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



$(0.1) million
 and $(0.2) million of interest and penalties in income tax expense
 respectively. The Company has accrued approximately $0.6 million and $0.3 million for the payment of interest
and penalties at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 approximately $98.8 million of undistributed earnings of
the Company&#146;s foreign subsidiaries were deemed to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 any applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on these earnings. If these earnings had not been
indefinitely reinvested
During the first quarter of 2008
 the Company entered
into an intercompany financing structure that results in the recognition of foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. As the foreign earnings are permanently reinvested
 U.S. income taxes have not been provided. For the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately $4.0 million and $4.6 million
 respectively
 related to this item. 




 














December&nbsp;31


























































































244





459









































221





437












The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 excluding deferred financing costs
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015 are as follows (in
thousands): 




























































244








On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a new five year revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
million (the &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148;) and a $300 million term loan (&#147;Term Loan A&#148;) pursuant to a new credit agreement. The proceeds from Term Loan A and a draw at closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in
full
 amounts outstanding under our prior $750 million revolving credit facility (the &#147;Prior Credit Agreement&#148;). The new credit agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 which was terminated upon the repayment of the amounts
outstanding thereunder on May&nbsp;6
 2014. As a result of the 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



debt refinancing
 $6.5 million of fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility and $2.4 million of fees associated with Term Loan A will be amortized over their five year and seven year
terms
On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to its Credit Agreement (the &#147;Amendment&#148;)
 which among
things
 provided for a new $200 million term loan (&#147;Term Loan A-1&#148;). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the &#147;Acquisition Term Loan&#148;) was used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone. 

 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 are known collectively as the &#147;Credit Agreement.&#148; The Company&#146;s average interest
rate on debt outstanding under its Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 &#151;
As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $534.2 million of the aggregate commitment of $900 million of the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. In addition
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 there were
$12.8 million in letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation of available credit. 

Agreement are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00% (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio. 

 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries described
as follows: During the fourth quarter of 2015
 the Company updated its legal structure and consolidated American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation into a single 100% owned indirect guarantor
subsidiary
 Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (formerly known as Snacks Holding Corporation). Additionally
 the following legal entities were added as guarantors in the fourth quarter: Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; and Cains GP
LLC. As a result
 Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 and S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. together with the fourth quarter changes noted above
 and certain other subsidiaries that may become guarantors in the future are collectively known as the
&#147;Guarantor Subsidiaries.&#148; In the fourth quarter of 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a Guarantor Subsidiary. The Revolving Credit Facility contains various financial and restrictive covenants and requires that the Company maintain
certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in the event TreeHouse or the Guarantor Subsidiaries
(i)&nbsp;fails to make a payment when due in respect of any indebtedness or guarantee having an aggregate principal amount greater than $50 million or (ii)&nbsp;fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition related to such
 &#151;
On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a $300 million senior unsecured term loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Term Loan A matures on May&nbsp;6
 2021. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A are based on the Company&#146;s
consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a
quarterly basis. Term Loan A is subject to substantially the same covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $295.5 million was outstanding under Term Loan A. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 &#151; On July&nbsp;29
 2014
 the Company entered into a $200 million unsecured term
loan pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Term Loan A-1 matures on May&nbsp;6
 2019. The interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin
ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same covenants as the
Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $190.0 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1. 
 &#151; On March&nbsp;11
 2014
 the Company completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of
4.875% notes due March&nbsp;15
 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;). The net proceeds of $394 million ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the Company&#146;s
previously issued 7.75% notes due on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;2018 Notes&#148;). The Company issued the 2022 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 and the Trustee. 

 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Company&#146;s payment obligations
under the 2022 Notes are fully and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or become borrowers under its
credit agreement
 or guarantee certain other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on March&nbsp;15
 2022. 

 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022
Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable &#147;make-whole&#148; premium. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior to
March&nbsp;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings. 

 in the event of a change in control of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022 Notes
at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes
The Indenture
contains restrictive covenants that
 among other things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries to: (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other restricted payments
 (ii)&nbsp;make certain investments
 (iii)&nbsp;incur additional
indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&nbsp;create liens
 (v)&nbsp;pay dividends or make other payments (except for certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with
other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and (viii)&nbsp;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the
Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#146;s Investors Services
 Inc. and Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s Ratings Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no
 &#151;
On December&nbsp;15
 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh (&#147;URA&#148;) issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a &#147;Tax Increment Financing Plan&#148; to assist with certain aspects of the development and
construction of the Company&#146;s Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facilities. The agreement was transferred to the Company as part of the acquisition of the soup and infant feeding business. The 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



Company has agreed to make certain payments with respect to the principal amount of the URA&#146;s redevelopment bonds through May 2019. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 $1.3 million remains
outstanding that matures May&nbsp;1
 &#151; The Company
owes $4.7 million related to capital leases. Capital lease obligations represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 &#151; As described in Note 2
 the Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03
 which resulted in the
reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not associated with line-of-credit arrangements in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of
December&nbsp;31
 2015
 deferred financing costs of $1.4 million and $6.5 million were included in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
 2014
 this change decreased Other assets
 net
 by $9.1
million
 with corresponding decreases of $1.4 million and $7.7 million in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively. 




 &#151; The Company has authorized 90&nbsp;million shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. No
On July&nbsp;16
 2014
 the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities
 LLC
 Wells
Fargo Securities
 LLC
 and Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner
&nbsp;&amp; Smith
 Incorporated
 as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (together
 the &#147;Underwriters&#148;)
 relating to the issuance and sale by the Company of up
to 4
950
331 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. On July&nbsp;22
 2014
 the Company closed the public offering of an aggregate 4
950
331 shares
 at a
price of $75.50 per share. The Company used the net proceeds ($358 million) from the stock offering to fund
 in part
As of
December&nbsp;31
 2015
 there were 43
125
563 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. There is no treasury stock issued or outstanding. 
 &#151; The Company has authorized 10&nbsp;million shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01 per share. No preferred stock has
been issued. 





reporting period. The weighted average number of common shares used in the diluted earnings per share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method and includes the incremental effect related to the Company&#146;s outstanding stock-based
compensation awards. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



number of shares outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except per share data)













































































































































 excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7&nbsp;million
0.4&nbsp;million
 and 0.5&nbsp;million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 





 and the Company&#146;s Stockholders approved
 the &#147;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive
Plan&#148; (the &#147;Plan&#148;). On April&nbsp;23
 2015
 the Plan was amended and restated to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan by 3.0&nbsp;million shares
 effective February&nbsp;27
 2015. The Plan is
administered by our Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of independent directors. The Compensation Committee determines specific awards for our executive officers. For all other employees
 if the committee designates
 our Chief Executive
Officer or such other officers will
 from time to time
 determine specific persons to whom awards under the Plan will be granted
 and the terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee or its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the
Plan
Under the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of
various types of compensation
 including stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance units
 other types of stock-based awards
 and other cash-based compensation. The maximum number of shares available to
be awarded under the Plan is approximately 12.3&nbsp;million
 of which approximately 3.3&nbsp;million remain available at December&nbsp;31
Income
before income taxes for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 includes stock-based compensation expense for employees and directors of $22.9 million
 $25.1 million
 and $16.1 million
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized related
to the compensation cost of these share-based awards was approximately $9.5 million
 $8.8 million
 and $5.9 million for 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. 

employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the derived service period
 as determined from the output of the valuation
models
 and the service period based on the term of the awards. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
























































Outstanding
 at January&nbsp;1
 2015















































































































Outstanding
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015













































Vested/expect to vest
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015













































Exercisable
 at December&nbsp;31
 2015































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31




























































Compensation costs related to unvested options totaled $10.7 million at December&nbsp;31
 2015 and will be recognized over the
remaining vesting period of the grants
 which averages 2.0 years. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $22.04
 $23.00
 and $20.47
 respectively. 

 vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date
Stock options are valued
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatilities for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are based on historical volatilities of the Company&#146;s stock price. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the stock
options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We based our expected term on the simplified method as described under the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;107. Under this approach the expected term is 6
years. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option awards granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are presented as follows: 



















































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 Employee restricted stock unit awards generally vest based on the
passage of time. These awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant date. Director restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. Certain directors have deferred receipt of their awards until either their
departure from the Board of Directors or a specified date. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 95&nbsp;thousand director restricted stock units have been earned and deferred. The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity during the
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015: 
















































Outstanding
 at January 1
 2015

























































































Outstanding
 at December 31
 2015





















































Year Ended December&nbsp;31




























































Future compensation costs related to restricted stock units are approximately $16.6 million as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and
will be recognized on a weighted average basis over the next 1.9 years. The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the Company&#146;s closing stock price on the date of grant. 
 &#151; Performance unit awards are granted to certain members of management. These awards contain service and performance conditions.
For each of the three performance periods
 one-third of the units will accrue
 multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of certain operating performance measures. Additionally
 for the cumulative
performance period
 a number of units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the achievement of certain operating performance measures
 less any units previously
accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
 generally
 on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company intends to settle these awards in stock and has the shares available to do
During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 based on achievement of operating performance measures
 93
505 performance units were converted into
66
674 shares of common stock
The following table summarizes the performance unit
activity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015: 




























Unvested
 at January 1
 2015

















































Unvested
 at December 31
 2015



















 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 




















&nbsp;&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;&nbsp;



























































Future compensation costs related to the performance units are estimated to be approximately $9.7 million as of
December&nbsp;31
 2015
 and are expected to be recognized over the next 2.0 years. The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the Company&#146;s closing stock price on the date of grant. 






 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign currency
translation adjustment: 







































Balance at January&nbsp;1
 2013





















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2013





















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2014


















































































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2015










































 as it pertains to the Company&#146;s permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries. 




 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
respectively. 




 2013. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 































Year Ended December&nbsp;31

























































































































































































































































































































































 &#151; Certain of our employees and retirees participate in pension and other postretirement
benefit plans. Employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are determined based on plan assumptions
 employee demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits and claims
paid
 &#151; Certain of our non-union employees participate in savings and profit sharing
plans. These plans generally provide for salary reduction contributions to the plans on behalf of the participants of between 1% and 80% of a participant&#146;s annual compensation and provide for employer matching and profit sharing contributions.
The Company established a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the assets. For 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company made matching contributions to the plan of $6.7 million
 $6.0 million
 and $4.9 million
 respectively. 
 &#151; The Company contributes to several multiemployer pension plans on behalf of employees covered by collective
bargaining agreements. These plans are administered jointly by management and union representatives and cover substantially all full-time and certain part-time union employees who are not covered by other plans. The risks of participating in
multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1)&nbsp;assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2)&nbsp;if a
participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers
 and (3)&nbsp;if the Company chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under
certain circumstances
 be liable for unfunded vested benefits or other expenses of jointly administered union/management plans. The Company partially withdrew from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of
our Portland pickle facility during 2013. The Company is liable for a share of the plan&#146;s unfunded 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



vested benefits. A withdrawal liability in the amount of $0.9 million was paid in full during 2014
 with no remaining liability for the partial withdrawal as of December&nbsp;31
 2014. In
November 2015
 the Company announced the closure of its City of Industry
 California facility
 and as a result
 will further withdraw from the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust Plan. It will not result in a full withdrawal. As a result
as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the estimated partial withdrawal liability is approximately $0.8 million
 which has been accrued as of year end. No other liabilities were established
 as withdrawal from the remaining plans is not probable. In 2015
2014
 and 2013
 the contributions to these plans
 excluding withdrawal payments
 were $1.4 million
 $1.5 million
 and $1.4 million
The
Company&#146;s participation in multiemployer pension plans is outlined in the table below. The EIN column provides the Employer Identification Number (&#147;EIN&#148;) of each plan. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act
zone status available in 2015 and 2014 is for the plan&#146;s years ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and is certified by the plan&#146;s actuary.
Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for which a financial improvement
plan &#147;(&#147;FIP&#148;) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes in the number of
Company employees covered by the multiemployer plans or other significant events that would affect the comparability of contributions to the plans. 
























































December&nbsp;31



































































Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan






































































The Company was listed in the following plan&#146;s Form 5500 as providing more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the
following plan and plan years: 










Contributions&nbsp;(as&nbsp;of&nbsp;December&nbsp;
31


Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan



&nbsp;2014



 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 &#151; The Company established a tax-qualified pension plan and master
trust to manage the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants to assist our Investment Committee with
formulating a long-term investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns for the various asset classes in which the plan&#146;s assets are invested
 weighted by
the target asset allocations. The estimated ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset returns and their historical volatility. In determining the expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain market and
economic factors that influence returns
 such as inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields. Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption
The Company&#146;s overall investment strategy is to provide a regular and reliable source of income to meet the liquidity needs of the pension
plans and minimize reliance on plan sponsor contributions as a source of benefit security. The Company&#146;s investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures designed to ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to meet expected
future benefits earned by participants. Central to the policy are target allocation ranges by major asset classes. The objective of the target allocations is to ensure the assets are invested with the intent to protect pension plan assets so that
such assets are preserved for the provision of benefits to participants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without undue risk. Additionally
 we consider the weighted
average return of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix guidelines
 under the investment policy
 target equities at 55% to 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35%
to 45%. At December&nbsp;31
 2015
 our master trust was invested as follows: equity securities of 59.7%
 fixed income securities of 39.9% and cash and cash equivalents of 0.4%. Equity securities primarily include investments in collective equity
funds that invest in domestic and international securities
 with a primary focus on domestic securities. Fixed income securities primarily include investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of companies from diversified
industries. Other investments are short term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
 investments in a collective bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds and others. 

 2015 and 2014
 by asset category is as follows: 















December&nbsp;31
 (h)





































































































































 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary
objective of this fund. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 as characterized by the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index. 








equity in developed and emerging markets. 




 as characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year
Credit Bond Index. 




exposure. 




a core bond investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income market. 




 the Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient
 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these assets. 

 incremental pension
benefits are only earned for changes in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on
creditable years of service and the specified benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining agreements. The Company&#146;s funding policy provides that annual contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least equal to
the minimum amounts required by Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 as amended. The Company estimates that its 2016 contributions to its pension plans will be $2.6 million. In 2014
 the retirement of selected employees with substantial
pension balances owed upon retirement was deemed a settlement charge of $0.6 million. The measurement date for the defined benefit pension plans is December&nbsp;31. In 2015
 the actuarial gain relating to the defined benefit pension plans was
 &#151; Certain employees participate in benefit programs that
provide certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees and their eligible dependents. The plans are unfunded. The Company estimates that its 2016 contributions to its postretirement benefit plans will be $0.2 million. The
The Company contributes to certain multiemployer postretirement benefit
plans other than pensions on behalf of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered jointly by management and union representatives and cover all eligible retirees. These plans are primarily health and welfare
funds and carry the same multiemployer risks as identified at the beginning of this Note. Total contributions to these plans were $2.6 million
 $2.5 million
 and $2.2 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014: 




































































Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year









































































































































Benefit obligation
 at end of year

























































Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year
































































































Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year













































































































































































































































































Total
 before tax effect
















































































































The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement benefit obligations as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
are as follows: 




































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 for the
years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013: 

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic cost in 2016 is as
follows: 



































































































































































Benefit obligation
 end of year

















Benefit obligation
 end of year











 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 the
majority are covered by a multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability was not significant. 




OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET 

 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 which consisted of
the following: 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31


















































Total other operating expense
 net


































 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31






















































































Non-cash financing activities for the twelve months ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 included $20.0 million
 $13.4
million
 and $11.9 million
 respectively
 related to the vesting of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and performance stock units. 





 plant
 equipment
 and distribution warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating lease
agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to seventeen years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was $31.9 million
 $28.3 million
 and $22.8 million for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as follows: 















December&nbsp;31








































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



 2015 under non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and
purchase obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows: 
























































































































































































































































Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits
claims
 litigation
 audits
 and investigations. The Company believes it has established adequate accruals for liabilities that are probable and reasonably estimable that may be incurred in connection with any such currently pending or threatened
matter
 none of which are significant. In the Company&#146;s opinion
 the settlement of any such currently pending or threatened matter is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
 or
cash flows. 





include interest rate risk
 foreign currency risk
 and commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not constitute positions independent of those exposures. The
 &#151; The Company manages its exposure
to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a
desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions
Foreign
Currency Risk &#151;
 we are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&#146;s
objective in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow requirements for purchases that are denominated in U.S. dollars. These contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and
changes in their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company had $23.0 million of U.S. dollar foreign currency
contracts outstanding
 &#151; Certain commodities we use in the production and distribution of our
products are exposed to market price risk. The Company uses derivative contracts to manage this risk. The majority of commodity forward contracts are not derivatives
 and those that are generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal

 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



sales scope exception under the guidance for derivatives and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not qualify for the
normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the Company&#146;s Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and other commodity
The Company uses diesel contracts to manage the
Company&#146;s risk associated with the underlying cost of diesel fuel used to deliver products. The contracts for oil and plastics are used to manage the Company&#146;s risk associated with the underlying commodity cost of a significant component
used in packaging materials. The contracts for natural gas and electricity are used to manage the Company&#146;s risk associated with the utility costs of its manufacturing facilities
 and commodity contracts that are derivatives that do not meet
the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception are used to manage the price risk associated with raw material costs. As of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 56
764 megawatts of electricity
expiring throughout 2016; 5.2&nbsp;million gallons of diesel
 expiring throughout 2016; 2.4&nbsp;million dekatherms of natural gas
 expiring throughout 2016; and 1.5&nbsp;million pounds of coffee
 expiring throughout 2016. 

 its fair value
 and location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 


























December&nbsp;31












































































































































































December&nbsp;31

























































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 







 2015 and
December&nbsp;31
 2014: 


























December&nbsp;31
 2015


December&nbsp;31
 2014
































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are financial assets with carrying values that approximate fair value.
The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan
A
 Term Loan A-1
 2022 Notes
 commodity contracts
 and foreign currency contracts are determined using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for an asset or liability
 either directly or
indirectly. The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 were estimated using present value techniques and market based interest rates and credit spreads. The fair value of the Company&#146;s 2022 Notes was
estimated based on quoted market prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered Level 2
The
fair values of the commodity contracts and foreign currency contracts are based on an analysis comparing the contract rates to the market rates at the balance sheet date. The commodity contracts and foreign currency contracts are recorded at fair
The fair value of the investments was determined using Level 1 inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement dates. The investments are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 






 thereby making determinations as to the allocation of resources in total rather than
on a segment-level basis. The Company has designated reportable segments based on how management views its business. The Company does not segregate assets between segments for internal reporting. Therefore
 asset-related information has not been
presented. The reportable segments
 as presented below
 are consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as follows: 
 Our North American Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to customers within the United
States and Canada. These products include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related products; Mexican
and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 



aseptic products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; hot cereals; baking and mix powders; macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack nuts
trail mixes
 dried fruit
Our Food Away From Home segment sells non-dairy powdered
creamers; sweeteners; pickles and related products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including restaurant
chains and food distribution companies
Our Industrial and Export segment
includes the Company&#146;s co-pack business and non-dairy powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food
manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer; baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products; soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal;
powdered drinks; single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers outside of North America. 
The Company evaluates the performance of segments based on net sales dollars and direct operating income (gross profit less freight out
 sales
commissions
 and direct selling and marketing expenses). The amounts in the following tables are obtained from reports used by senior management and do not include income taxes. Other expenses not allocated include unallocated selling and
distribution expenses
Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 



















Year Ended December&nbsp;31





































437





173





642























































206





946





293





































































































































































































































































































































































































 &#151;
The Company had revenues from customers outside of the United States of approximately 11.9%
 12.4%
 and 13.2% of total consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 with 10.8%
 11.3%
 and 12.2% from Canada in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
Long-lived assets consist of net property
 plant
and equipment. The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows: 





















December&nbsp;31



















































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 &#151; Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates accounted for approximately 20.7%
 18.8%
and 19.0% of our consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales to Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates are included in our North American Retail Grocery segment. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated
Total trade receivables with Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates represented approximately 21.9% and 17.5% of our total trade receivables as
of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 &#151; The following table presents the Company&#146;s net sales by major
products. In 2014
 we added a product category (Snacks) due to the acquisition of Flagstone. This change did not require prior period adjustments. 


















Year Ended December&nbsp;31




































































































































































































































































206





946





293

















 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 






 










































(In thousands
 except per share data)






































































































































































































































































































































 the sum of the four quarters may not be the same as the total for the year. 













 as well as jointly and severally
 by its Guarantor Subsidiaries. As
described in Note 11
 Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; Cains GP
 LLC; and Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (formerly known as Snacks Holding Corporation) were added as Guarantor Subsidiaries in the fourth quarter of 2015. In the
fourth quarter of 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a Guarantor Subsidiary. There are no significant restrictions on the ability of the parent company or any guarantor to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The following
supplemental consolidating financial information presents the results of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of the parent company
 its guarantor subsidiaries
 its non-guarantor subsidiaries and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the
information for the Company on a consolidated basis as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014 and for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013. The equity method has been used with respect to investments in subsidiaries. The principal
elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. As a result of the addition of the guarantors noted above
 the following supplemental consolidating financial information has been recast for prior
periods as if the new guarantor structure existed for all periods presented
 as of the acquisition dates of the respective guarantors. As a result of the removal of EDS Holdings
 LLC as a guarantor in 2014
 all prior period supplemental
consolidating financial information has been revised to remove it as a guarantor for all periods presented. 
 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
December&nbsp;31
 2015 







































































































































Accounts receivable
 net
























Inventories
 net




































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

































496














649







411














792







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net
















































Intangible and other assets
 net



















































112





974










827





702















































































































































































219



















221



























































854





411










792





854





























112





974










827





702

























 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
December&nbsp;31
 2014 








































































































































Accounts receivable
 net
























Inventories
 net




































































































Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

































490














667







269














699







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net
















































Intangible and other assets
 net



















































257





831










741





858















































































































































































431



















437



























































759





269










699





759





























257





831










741





858

























 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 


















































994















206











405















562


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating expense
 net




























































































































Other (income) expense
 net














































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

















































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 


















































596















946











061















339


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating expense
 net

















































































































































Other expense
 net














































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes



















































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 


















































069















293











644















818


















































Selling
 general
 and administrative expense



















































Other operating expense
 net
























































































































Other (income) expense
 net














































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes



















































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 


















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax



































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 



















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax






































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 



















































































































Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax























Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax




































































































































































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 



























































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year















































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year














































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 



























































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment






















































055






















Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired







034















































































































080




















089











































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year















































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year















































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 


 
Fiscal Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 


























































































Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

















































Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired


























































































































































































































































































































































































Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year













































Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year















































 



TREEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 







on January&nbsp;20
 2016
 the Company announced the offering of $750 million of stock
 or 11
538
461 shares at $65.00 per share. Included in the offering was an underwriters&#146; option to purchase an additional 1
730
769 shares at $65.00 per
share. On January&nbsp;26
 2016
 a total of 13
269
230 shares were issued
 resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $862.5 million. Net cash from the offering
 after the exercise of the over-allotment option and after considering the
underwriting fees
 was approximately $836.6 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of the Private Brands Business. 

 on January&nbsp;29
 2016
 the Company completed an exempt offering
under Rule 144A and Regulation S of the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior unsecured notes (&#147;2024 Notes&#148;) due February&nbsp;15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
(approximately $763.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts) were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of the Private Brands Business. Interest on the 2024 Notes will be paid on
 of each year
 beginning August&nbsp;15
 2016. 

 2016
 the Company completed its acquisition of the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 excluding transaction expenses
and subject to working capital and other adjustments. The acquisition will be accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. The required disclosures have not been provided as the initial accounting for the business combination was not
The acquisition was funded by $836.6 million in net proceeds from the sale of the
Company&#146;s common stock
 $763.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
 and $1
025.0 million in Term Loan A-2 financing
 with the remaining balance funded by borrowings from the Company&#146;s Revolving Credit Facility. The
Term Loan A-2 financing was funded on February&nbsp;1
 2016 coincident with the closing of the acquisition and has a term of 5 years. Interest on the Term Loan A-2 financing is based on the Company&#146;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and is
determined by either (i)&nbsp;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 3.00%
 or (ii)&nbsp;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 2.00%. Payments are due on a quarterly basis. The Company obtained
Term Loan A-2 pursuant to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;1
 2016. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amends
 restates and replaces the Company&#146;s existing Credit Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
2014. Significant components of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement include (but are not limited to) (1)&nbsp;changes to the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 so that they are coterminous and will
mature on February&nbsp;1
 2021
 (2)&nbsp;issuance of Term Loan A-2
 (3)&nbsp;the Credit Agreement is now a secured facility until the Company reaches a leverage ratio of 3.5 and has no other pari-passu secured debt outstanding
 and
(4)&nbsp;increased credit spreads. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the prior Credit Agreement. 
 













 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods
specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

December&nbsp;31
 2015
 which have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#146;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The scope of management&#146;s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 includes all of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries. Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#146;s management has concluded that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the Company&#146;s
The Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm
 Deloitte&nbsp;&amp; Touche
LLP
 has issued an attestation report on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2015. This report is included with this Form 10-K. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
the effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 





 



 
TreeHouse Foods
Oak Brook
We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&#146;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&#146;s board of directors
 management
 and other
personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets
Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 based on
the criteria established in

 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements
and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 of the Company and our report dated February&nbsp;18
 2016
 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2016 
 



 




Directors
Information required by
this item about our directors and executive officers is included in our Proxy Statement (&#147;2016 Proxy Statement&#148;) to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2016 annual meeting of the stockholders under the headings

Information
about compliance with the reporting requirements of Section&nbsp;16(a) of the 1934 Act
 by our executive officers and directors
 persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock
 and their affiliates who are required to comply with such
reporting requirements
 is included in our 2016 Proxy Statement under the headings
 Section&nbsp;16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance

 Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee
Compensation Committee
The information required by this item
concerning our executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to our proxy statement (to be filed) for our April&nbsp;28
 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

 which is applicable to all of our employees and directors
 is available on our corporate website at http://www.treehousefoods.com
 along
with the Corporate Governance Guidelines of our Board of Directors and the charters of the Committees of our Board of Directors. Any waivers that we may grant to our executive officers or directors under the Code of Ethics
 and any amendments to our
Code of Ethics
 will be posted on our corporate website. Any of these items or any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in print to any shareowner who requests them. Requests should be sent to Investor Relations
TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 2021 Spring Road
 Suite 600
 Oak Brook
 IL 60523. 



The information required by this item is included in the
2016 Proxy Statement under the headings

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 Executive Compensation
and is
incorporated herein by reference. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this report
section of the 2016 Proxy Statement shall be deemed to be &#147;furnished&#148; and not
&#147;filed&#148; for purposes of the 1934 Act. 




The information required by this item is included in the 2016 Proxy Statement under the heading

Beneficial Owners and Management 



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The
information required by this item is included in the 2016 Proxy Statement under the heading
 



The information required by this item is
included in the 2016 Proxy Statement under the heading
 
 



 




The following documents are filed as
part of this Form 10-K. 



























Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014





Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013





Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and
2013





Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and
2013





Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013






































 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 





 INC.








February&nbsp;18
 2016 
 




 this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















Chairman of the Board
 President
Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director


 2016













 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016





/s/ Terdema L. Ussery
 II

 II




 2016











 2016

 



 
TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC. 

December&nbsp;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013 



















































































































































 



 

















 dated as of April 20
 2007
 among Silver Brands Partners II
 L.P.
 VDW Farms
 Ltd.
 VDW Management
 L.L.C.
 and Bay Valley Foods
 LLC is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
dated April 23
 2007.







 dated as of June 24
 2007 between E.D. Smith Operating Trust
 E.D. Smith Limited Partnership
 E.D. Smith Income Fund
 and TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K dated June 27
 2007.







 dated as of December 20
 2009
 among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 HMSF
 L.P.
 and other shareholders of Sturm Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on
Form 8-K dated December 20
 2009.







 2010
 among STSF Holdings LLC
 STSF Holdings
 Inc.
 S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc.
 and the Company is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
on Form 8-K dated September 13
 2010.







 LLC and the Company is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 13
 2010.







 dated as of August 7
 2013
 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 TorQuest Partners Fund II
 L.P.
 the other sellers party thereto and Associated Brands Management Holdings Inc.
 Associated Brands
Holdings Limited Partnership
 Associated Brands GP Corporation
 and 6726607 Canada Limited is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 7
 2013.







 dated as of April 18
 2014
 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 Whitecastle Investments Limited
 the other sellers party thereto and PFF Capital is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated April 18
 2014.







 dated as of June 27
 2014
 by and among Bay Valley Foods LLC
 Snacks Acquisition Sub
 Inc.
 Snacks Parent Corporation and Gryphon Partners is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated June 27
 2014.







 dated as of November 1
 2015
 between ConAgra Foods
 Inc. and TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1
 2015.







 Inc.
 as amended April 28
 2011
 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form
 dated April 28
 2011.







 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 25
 2011.







 Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 28
 2011.







 Inc. Common Stock Certificate is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on June 9
 2005.







 2005.







 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
2010.
 



















 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
2010.







 dated March 2
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 2
2010.







 dated October 28
 2010
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and the Trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2010.







 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.







 dated as of March 11
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated March 11
 2014.







 dated as of July 29
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee.







 dated as of August 25
 2014
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee.







 dated as of December 31
 2015
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee.







 dated as of January 29
 2016
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated January 29
 2016.







 dated as of February 1
 2016
 among the Company
 the subsidiary guarantors part thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current
Report on Form 8-K dated January 29
 2016.






Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
May 13
 2005.






Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to
May 13
 2005.






Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill is incorporated by reference to
May 13
 2005.






Employment Agreement
 dated January 27
 2005
 by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
May 13
 2005.







 2005.
 



















 David B. Vermylen
 E. Nichol McCully
 Thomas E. O&#146;Neill
 and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Commission on June 9
 2005.







 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3
 2005.







 dated as of May 6
 2014
 between the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 6
 2014.






Additional Credit Extension Amendment dated July 29
 2014 among the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is
July 29
 2014.







 dated as of February 1
 2016
 between the Company and Bank of America
 N.A. and the other lenders party thereto is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K
dated January 29
 2016.







 2006 by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and a group of Purchasers is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 22
 2006.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan&#148; is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement)
dated February 27
 2007.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q filed with the Commission August 8
 2007.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 2005 Employment Agreement by and between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
 2008.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5
2008.
 



















 Inc. Executive Severance Plan
 amended and restated as of February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 date April 21
 2009
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan is Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21
 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 2009.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of our Form 10-K filed with the Commission February 21
 2013.







 dated February 10
 2011
 between the Company and David B. Vermylen is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 10
 2011.







 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company&#146;s Definitive Proxy Statement dated March 2
 2015.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Sam K. Reed
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K
dated February 21
 2014.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Thomas E. O&#146;Neill
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company&#146;s Current Report
on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 dated January 27
 2005
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form
8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 dated November 8
 2007
 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Dennis F. Riordan
 dated February 21
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on
Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 Inc. and Christopher D. Sliva
 dated February 24
 2014 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21
 2014.







 dated July 28
 2015 between TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and Harry J. Walsh is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28
2015.
 

































 Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP.















































































 













 



 INC.
 as Issuer 

 as Guarantors 
WELLS FARGO BANK
 NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
 
4.875&nbsp;%
SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 

TO THE
March&nbsp;2
 2010 




 dated as of July&nbsp;29
 2014 (this &#147;Sixth Supplemental
Indenture&#148;)
 is by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (such corporation and any successor as defined in the Base Indenture and herein
 the &#147;Company&#148;)
 the existing Guarantors party to the Indenture (as defined
below)
 Snacks Parent Corporation
 a Delaware corporation (the &#147;Additional Guarantor&#148;)
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 a national banking association
 as trustee (such institution and any successor as defined in the Base
Indenture
 the &#147;Trustee&#148;). 

 the Company and the existing Guarantors have previously executed and delivered an Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;2
 2010 (the
&#147;Base Indenture&#148;)
 with the Trustee providing for the issuance from time to time of one or more series of the Company&#146;s senior debt securities
 as amended and supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;11
2014 (the &#147;Fourth Supplemental Indenture&#148; and
 together with the Base Indenture
 the &#147;Indenture&#148;)
 providing for the issuance of the Company&#146;s 4.875% Notes due 2022 (the &#147;Notes&#148;); 

 Section&nbsp;4.15 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that in the event that any Domestic Subsidiary becomes a borrower
under the Credit Agreement
 then the Company shall cause such Domestic Subsidiary to simultaneously become a Guarantor of the Notes
 in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 

 Section&nbsp;9.01 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that the Trustee may enter into an indenture supplemental to the
Indenture
 without the consent of the Holders
WHEREAS
 the Additional Guarantor is entering into this
WHEREAS
 the Indenture is incorporated herein by reference;
WHEREAS
 all conditions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture and to make it a valid
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the agreements
and obligations set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration
 the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged
 the Company
 the existing Guarantors
 the Additional Guarantor and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each
other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. 


 



&#147;herein
&#148; &#147;hereof&#148; and &#147;hereunder&#148; and other words of similar import refer to this Sixth Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article
 Section or other subdivision. 
AGREEMENT TO
GUARANTEE 

of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. The Additional Guarantor agrees to be bound by all other provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Guarantor and to perform all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor
under the Indenture. 
SECTION
Except as expressly amended and supplemented by this Sixth Supplemental Indenture
the Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 


 illegal or unenforceable
 the validity
 legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 


 

 but all of them together
shall represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or portable document format (&#147;PDF&#148;) transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this
Sixth Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
Table of Contents
 Headings
 Etc.

 are not to be considered a part of this
Jury Trial
EACH OF THE COMPANY
 THE EXISTING GUARANTORS
 THE ADDITIONAL GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW
 ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
 THE INDENTURE
 THE NOTES
 THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

Indenture
 the Subsidiary Guarantee of the Additional Guarantor or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein
 all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the Additional Guarantor. All of the provisions contained in the
Indenture in respect of the rights
 privileges
 immunities
 powers and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. The
Company hereby confirms to the Trustee that this Sixth Supplemental Indenture has not resulted in a material modification of the Notes for Foreign Accounting Tax Compliance Act (&#147;FATCA&#148;) purposes. The Company shall give the Trustee prompt
written notice of any material modification of the Notes deemed to occur for FATCA purposes.&nbsp;The Trustee shall assume that no material modification for FATCA purposes has occurred regarding the Notes
 unless the Trustee receives written notice
of such modification from the Company. 
 


 














 INC.



















 General






 Chief Administrative







 
















 LLC





























 INC.



















 General










 INC.



















 General






























 
















 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 as Trustee




















 













 



 INC.
 as Issuer 

 as Guarantors 
WELLS FARGO BANK
 NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
 
4.875&nbsp;%
SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 

TO THE
March&nbsp;2
 2010 




 dated as of August&nbsp;25
 2014 (this &#147;Seventh
Supplemental Indenture&#148;)
 is by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (such corporation and any successor as defined in the Base Indenture and herein
 the &#147;Company&#148;)
 the existing Guarantors party to the Indenture
(as defined below)
 American Importing Company
 Inc.
 a Minnesota corporation
 and Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 a Maryland corporation (collectively
 the &#147;Additional Guarantors&#148;)
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 a national
banking association
 as trustee (such institution and any successor as defined in the Base Indenture
 the &#147;Trustee&#148;). 
WHEREAS
 the
Company and the existing Guarantors have previously executed and delivered an Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;2
 2010 (the &#147;Base Indenture&#148;)
 with the Trustee providing for the issuance from time to time of one or more series of the
Company&#146;s senior debt securities
 as amended and supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;11
 2014 (the &#147;Fourth Supplemental Indenture&#148;)
 and Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of July&nbsp;29
 2014
(the &#147;Sixth Supplemental Indenture and
 together with the Base Indenture and the Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 the &#147;Indenture&#148;)
 providing for the issuance of the Company&#146;s 4.875% Notes due 2022 (the &#147;Notes&#148;); 

 Section&nbsp;4.15 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that in the event that any Domestic Subsidiary becomes a borrower
under the Credit Agreement
 then the Company shall cause such Domestic Subsidiary to simultaneously become a Guarantor of the Notes
 in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 

 Section&nbsp;9.01 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that the Trustee may enter into an indenture supplemental to the
Indenture
 without the consent of the Holders
WHEREAS
 each of the Additional Guarantors is entering
WHEREAS
 the Indenture is incorporated herein
WHEREAS
 all conditions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Seventh Supplemental Indenture and to
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in
consideration of the agreements and obligations set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration
 the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged
 the Company
 the existing Guarantors
 the Additional Guarantors and the Trustee agree as
follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes. 


 



&#147;herein
&#148; &#147;hereof&#148; and &#147;hereunder&#148; and other words of similar import refer to this Seventh Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article
 Section or other subdivision. 
AGREEMENT TO
GUARANTEE 

subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. Each of the Additional Guarantors agrees to be bound by all other provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Guarantor and to perform all of the obligations and
agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. 
SECTION
Except as expressly amended and supplemented by this Seventh Supplemental
Indenture
 the Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 


 illegal or unenforceable
 the validity
 legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 


 

 but all of them
together shall represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Seventh Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or portable document format (&#147;PDF&#148;) transmission shall constitute effective execution and
delivery of this Seventh Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 
Table of Contents
 Headings
 Etc

 are not to be considered a part of
Jury
EACH OF THE COMPANY
 THE EXISTING GUARANTORS
 THE ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW
 ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
 THE INDENTURE
 THE NOTES
 THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

Indenture
 the Subsidiary Guarantees of the Additional Guarantors or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein
 all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the Additional Guarantors. All of the provisions contained in the
Indenture in respect of the rights
 privileges
 immunities
 powers and duties of the Trustee shall be applicable in respect of this Seventh Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. The
Company hereby confirms to the Trustee that this Seventh Supplemental Indenture has not resulted in a material modification of the Notes for Foreign Accounting Tax Compliance Act (&#147;FATCA&#148;) purposes. The Company shall give the Trustee
prompt written notice of any material modification of the Notes deemed to occur for FATCA purposes.&nbsp;The Trustee shall assume that no material modification for FATCA purposes has occurred regarding the Notes
 unless the Trustee receives written
notice of such modification from the Company. 
 


 














 INC.


























 
















 LLC





























 INC.





























 INC.

















































 














 INC.



















 INC.
















 














 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 as Trustee
















 













 



 INC.
 as Issuer 

 as Guarantors 
WELLS FARGO BANK
 NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION
 
4.875&nbsp;%
SENIOR NOTES DUE 2022 

TO THE
March&nbsp;2
 2010 




 dated as of December&nbsp;31
 2015 (this &#147;Eighth
Supplemental Indenture&#148;)
 is by and among TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (such corporation and any successor as defined in the Base Indenture and herein
 the &#147;Company&#148;)
 the existing Guarantors party to the Indenture
(as defined below)
 Cains Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Cains GP
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Cains Foods
 L.P.
 a Delaware limited partnership
 Associated Brands
 Inc.
 a New York corporation and Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (f/k/a
Snacks Holdings Corporation)
 a Delaware corporation (collectively
 the &#147;Additional Guarantors&#148;)
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 a national banking association
 as trustee (such institution and any successor as defined in the
Base Indenture
 the &#147;Trustee&#148;). 

 the Company and the existing Guarantors have previously executed and delivered an Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;2
 2010 (the
&#147;Base Indenture&#148;)
 with the Trustee providing for the issuance from time to time of one or more series of the Company&#146;s senior debt securities
 as amended and supplemented by a Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;11
2014 (the &#147;Fourth Supplemental Indenture&#148;)
 and Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of July&nbsp;29
 2014 (the &#147;Sixth Supplemental Indenture&#148;) and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of August&nbsp;25
 2014 (the
&#147;Seventh Supplemental Indenture&#148; and
 together with the Base Indenture
 the Fourth Supplemental Indenture and the Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 the &#147;Indenture&#148;)
 providing for the issuance of the Company&#146;s 4.875% Notes due
WHEREAS
 Section&nbsp;4.15 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that in the event that any
Domestic Subsidiary guarantees or becomes a borrower under the Credit Agreement
 then the Company shall cause such Domestic Subsidiary to simultaneously become a Guarantor of the Notes
 in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; 

 Section&nbsp;9.01 of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture provides that the Trustee may enter into an indenture supplemental to the
Indenture
 without the consent of the Holders
WHEREAS
 each of the Additional Guarantors
 as a result
of their guaranteeing the Credit Agreement
 is entering into this Eighth Supplemental Indenture to add such Additional Guarantor as a Guarantor; 

 the Company has undertaken certain corporate restructuring actions effective as of the date hereof (the &#147;Company
WHEREAS
 pursuant to the Company Restructuring
 (i)&nbsp;American Importing Company
 Inc.
 a Minnesota corporation
and Guarantor under the Indenture
 will be merged with and into its sole stockholder; (ii)&nbsp;Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc.
 a Maryland corporation and Guarantor under the Indenture
 will be merged with and into its sole stockholder;
(iii)&nbsp;the survivors of the mergers described in clauses (i)&nbsp;and (ii)&nbsp;will be merged with and into Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (f/k/a Snacks Holdings Corporation)
 a Guarantor under the Indenture pursuant to this Eighth Supplemental
Indenture and (iv)&nbsp;Snacks Parent Corporation
 a Delaware corporation and Guarantor under the Indenture
 will be merged with and into Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (f/k/a Snacks Holdings Corporation); 



 following the Corporate Restructuring set forth above and effective as of the date
hereof
 each of American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#146;s House of Nuts
 Inc. and Snacks Parent Corporation (together
 the &#147;Released Subsidiary Guarantors&#148;) will cease to exist as separate corporate entities and
 accordingly
 will each
cease to be guarantors under the Credit Agreement and
 further
 will not be guarantors of any other Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

 in accordance with Section&nbsp;10.02(a)(ii) of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 the Released Subsidiary Guarantors are
automatically and unconditionally released and discharged from their Guarantees of the Notes under the Indenture and as guarantors under the Indenture; 

 all conditions necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture and to make it a valid and
WHEREAS
 the Indenture is incorporated
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the agreements and obligations set forth herein and for other good and valuable
consideration
 the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged
 the Company
 the existing Guarantors
 the Additional Guarantors and the Trustee agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of
the Notes. 



&#147;herein
&#148; &#147;hereof&#148; and &#147;hereunder&#148; and other words of similar import refer to this Eighth Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article
 Section or other subdivision. 
AGREEMENT TO
GUARANTEE 

subject to all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. Each of the Additional Guarantors agrees to be bound by all other provisions of the Indenture applicable to a Guarantor and to perform all of the obligations and
agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. 


 

 in accordance with the terms of
Section&nbsp;10.02(a)(ii) of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 as of the date of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture automatically and unconditionally released and discharged from their Guarantees of the Notes under the Indenture and as guarantors
under the Indenture. The Trustee hereby acknowledges that the Released Subsidiary Guarantors are
 in accordance with the terms of Section&nbsp;10.02(a)(ii) of the Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 as of the date of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture
automatically and unconditionally released and discharged from their Guarantees of the Notes under the Indenture and as guarantors under the Indenture. 

SECTION
Except as expressly amended and supplemented by this Eighth Supplemental
Indenture
 the Indenture shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 

EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY. 


 illegal or unenforceable
 the validity
 legality
Counterpart
The parties may sign any number of copies of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original
 but
all of them together shall represent the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or portable document format (&#147;PDF&#148;) transmission shall constitute effective execution
and delivery of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 


Headings
 Etc.

 are not to be considered a part of
Jury
EACH OF THE COMPANY
 THE EXISTING GUARANTORS
 THE ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
 TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW
 ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS EIGHTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
 THE INDENTURE
 THE NOTES
 THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

Indenture
 the Subsidiary Guarantees of the Additional Guarantors
 the release and discharge from their Guarantees of the Notes under the Indenture and as guarantors under the Indenture of the Released Subsidiary Guarantors
 or for or in respect of
the recitals contained herein
 all of which recitals are made solely by the Company and the Additional Guarantors. All of the provisions contained in the Indenture in respect of the rights
 privileges
 immunities
 powers and duties of the Trustee
shall be applicable in respect of this Eighth Supplemental Indenture as fully and with like force and effect as though fully set forth in full herein. The Company hereby confirms to the Trustee that this Eighth Supplemental Indenture has not
resulted in a material modification of the Notes for Foreign Accounting Tax Compliance Act (&#147;FATCA&#148;) purposes. The Company shall give the Trustee prompt written notice of any material modification of the Notes deemed to occur for FATCA
purposes.&nbsp;The Trustee shall assume that no material modification for FATCA purposes has occurred regarding the Notes
 unless the Trustee receives written notice of such modification from the Company. 



 












 INC.



























 LLC



















 INC.



















 INC.






























 INC.



















 LLC



















 L.P.



















 INC.



















 INC. (f/k/a Snacks Holding Corporation)
















[Signature Page to
Supplemental Indenture] 














 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 as Trustee
















[Signature Page to
Supplemental Indenture] 















COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES



























Year Ended December&nbsp;31













































171
264



136
570



124
910



124
209



139
798



























70
067



62
206



66
913



69
246



71
045


Capitalization of interest
 net of amortization




































































241
170



198
728



192
443



193
486



210
455

















































45
474



42
036



49
304



51
609



53
023




























24
082



20
035



17
552



17
069



17
274



























70
067



62
206



66
913



69
246



71
045
























































































Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
Sturm Foods
 Inc.


 Inc.
Cains Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
Associated Brands
 Inc.


 Inc.
E.D. Smith Foods
 Ltd.
 a British
Columbia
Associated Brands
 Inc.
 a British Columbia
 Canada corporation 
Protenergy Natural Foods Corporation
 an Ontario


 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation 















by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-126161
 333-150053
 333-183321
 and 333-206161 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-192440 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February&nbsp;18
 2016
 relating to the consolidated financial
statements and financial statement schedule of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 and the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
the Company for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015. 
Chicago
February&nbsp;18
 2016
















I
 Sam K. Reed
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
February&nbsp;18
 2016 









Chairman of the Board


















I
 Dennis F. Riordan
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and





The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
 and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
February&nbsp;18
 2016 


























AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
In connection with the Annual Report of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on
Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Sam K. Reed
 Chairman of the Board
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 










The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.









Chairman of the Board


February&nbsp;18
 2016 















AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
In connection with the Annual Report of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on
Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Dennis F. Riordan
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that: 










The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.










February&nbsp;18
 2016 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment  Authority of Pittsburgh (URA) issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
  pursuant to a Tax Increment Financing Plan to assist with certain aspects of  the development and construction of the Company&apos;s Pittsburgh

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which among things
 provided for a new $200 million term loan  (Term Loan A-1). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the Acquisition Term Loan)  was used to fund
 in part

  
  
  
  

 beginning August 15

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic production activities deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance&lt;br /&gt;
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at January 1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;271&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=37%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Derivatives:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liability Derivatives:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND
 EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
954&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;226
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681
711&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;958
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(416
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(371
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense was $61.5 million
 $63.3 million
 and $73.3
 million in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company incurred other operating expense for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 which
 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Restructuring&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED
 EXPENSES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payroll and benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health insurance
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
542&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;260
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500
308&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
026&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;688
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;847
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;448
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
496
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
649
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
411
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
792
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;582
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(543
738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;504
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664
271&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
112
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
974
679&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;443
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
827
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
702
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;260
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
147&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
219
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
668&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
854
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
411
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
792
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
854
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
112
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
974
679&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;443
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
827
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
702
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;186
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;497
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;690
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;913
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;440
613&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
490
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
699
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;840
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(759
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;539
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;732
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
257
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
831
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
741
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
858
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
121&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;309
854&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
431
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
437
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;278
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
984&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
699
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
257
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
831
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
741
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
858
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;217
226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payroll and benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health insurance
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
542&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;260
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
709&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per basic share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per diluted share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Incremental shares from equity awards
 are computed by the treasury stock method. Equity awards
 excluded
 from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they
 were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7&amp;#xA0;million
 0.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 0.5&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw materials and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;274
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;331
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
856&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 LIFO reserve&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Approximately $88.1 million and $87.4 million of our inventory was
 accounted for under the LIFO method of accounting at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The LIFO reserve
 reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 over the amount at which these
 inventories were valued on the consolidated balance sheets. No LIFO
 inventory liquidation occurred in 2015 or 2014. Approximately
 $128.9 and $117.3 million of our net inventory was accounted for
 using the weighted average costing approach at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We measure compensation
 expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The
 resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period.
 See Note 14.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Board of Directors adopted
 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Stockholders approved
 the &amp;#x201C;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and
 Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D; (the &amp;#x201C;Plan&amp;#x201D;). On April&amp;#xA0;23
 2015
 the Plan was amended and restated to increase the number of
 shares available for issuance under the Plan by 3.0&amp;#xA0;million
 shares
 effective February&amp;#xA0;27
 2015. The Plan is administered
 by our Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of
 independent directors. The Compensation Committee determines
 specific awards for our executive officers. For all other
 employees
 if the committee designates
 our Chief Executive Officer
 or such other officers will
 from time to time
 determine specific
 persons to whom awards under the Plan will be granted
 and the
 terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee or
 its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan
 also will make all
 other necessary decisions and interpretations under the Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of
 various types of compensation
 including stock options
 restricted
 stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance
 units
 other types of stock-based awards
 and other cash-based
 compensation. The maximum number of shares available to be awarded
 under the Plan is approximately 12.3&amp;#xA0;million
 of which
 approximately 3.3&amp;#xA0;million remain available at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Income before income taxes for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 includes stock-based compensation expense for
 employees and directors of $22.9 million
 $25.1 million
 and $16.1
 million
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized related to the
 compensation cost of these share-based awards was approximately
 $9.5 million
 $8.8 million
 and $5.9 million for 2015
 2014
 and
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company estimates that certain employees and all directors will
 complete the required service conditions associated with their
 awards. For all other employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service
 conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the
 derived service period
 as determined from the output of the
 valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the
 awards.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Options &amp;#x2014;&lt;/i&gt; The following table summarizes stock
 option activity during 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term (yrs.)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Compensation costs related to unvested options totaled $10.7
 million at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and will be recognized over the
 remaining vesting period of the grants
 which averages 2.0 years.
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $22.04
 $23.00
 and $20.47
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Stock options granted under the plan generally have a three year
 vesting schedule
 vest one-third on each of the first three
 anniversaries of the grant date
 and expire ten years from the
 grant date. Stock options are generally only granted to employees
 and non-employee directors.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. Expected volatilities for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are based on
 historical volatilities of the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price. The
 risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of
 the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in
 effect at the time of the grant. We based our expected term on the
 simplified method as described under the SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;107. Under this approach the expected term is 6
 years. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock
 option awards granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are presented as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Units &amp;#x2014;&lt;/i&gt; Employee restricted stock
 unit awards generally vest based on the passage of time. These
 awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant
 date. Director restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary
 of the grant date. Certain directors have deferred receipt of their
 awards until either their departure from the Board of Directors or
 a specified date. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 95&amp;#xA0;thousand
 director restricted stock units have been earned and deferred. The
 following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Future compensation costs related to restricted stock units are
 approximately $16.6 million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and will
 be recognized on a weighted average basis over the next 1.9 years.
 The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Performance Units&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Performance unit awards are
 granted to certain members of management. These awards contain
 service and performance conditions. For each of the three
 performance periods
 one-third of the units will accrue
 multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures.
 Additionally
 for the cumulative performance period
 a number of
 units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures
 less any
 units previously accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock
 or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
 generally
 on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company
 intends to settle these awards in stock and has the shares
 available to do so.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 based on achievement
 of operating performance measures
 93
505 performance units were
 converted into 66
674 shares of common stock
 an average conversion
 ratio of 0.71 shares for each performance unit.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Performance&lt;br /&gt;
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at January 1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unvested
 at December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;271&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested performance units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Future compensation costs related to the performance units are
 estimated to be approximately $9.7 million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 and are expected to be recognized over the next 2.0 years.
 The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive loss into net periodic cost in 2016 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
 AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company manages operations on a company-wide basis
 thereby
 making determinations as to the allocation of resources in total
 rather than on a segment-level basis. The Company has designated
 reportable segments based on how management views its business. The
 Company does not segregate assets between segments for internal
 reporting. Therefore
 asset-related information has not been
 presented. The reportable segments
 as presented below
 are
 consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results
 to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;North American Retail Grocery &amp;#x2013;&lt;/i&gt; Our North American
 Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to
 customers within the United States and Canada. These products
 include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready
 to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and
 shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related
 products; Mexican and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic
 products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve
 hot beverages; specialty teas; hot cereals; baking and mix powders;
 macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 and other wholesome snacks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Food Away From Home &amp;#x2013;&lt;/i&gt; Our Food Away From Home segment
 sells non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; pickles and related
 products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable
 dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and
 single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including
 restaurant chains and food distribution companies
 within the
 United States and Canada.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Industrial and Export &amp;#x2013;&lt;/i&gt; Our Industrial and Export
 segment includes the Company&amp;#x2019;s co-pack business and non-dairy
 powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in
 industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in
 portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food
 manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer;
 baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated
 and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products;
 soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal; powdered drinks;
 single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other
 products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers
 outside of North America.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company evaluates the performance of segments based on net
 sales dollars and direct operating income (gross profit less
 freight out
 sales commissions
 and direct selling and marketing
 expenses). The amounts in the following tables are obtained from
 reports used by senior management and do not include income taxes.
 Other expenses not allocated include unallocated selling and
 distribution expenses
 unallocated costs of sales and unallocated
 corporate expenses. The accounting policies of our segments are the
 same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
 policies set forth in Note 1 &lt;i&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Financial information relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales to external customers:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
437
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
173
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
642
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;398
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Direct operating income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;326
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;472
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;364
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
934&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated cost of sales (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated corporate expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(224
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(213
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(53
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
953&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Corporate office (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
888&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;2013 costs primarily related to
 accelerated depreciation and other charges related to
 restructurings.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes accelerated depreciation
 related to restructurings for 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Geographic Information&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company had revenues from
 customers outside of the United States of approximately 11.9%
 12.4%
 and 13.2% of total consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and
 2013
 respectively
 with 10.8%
 11.3%
 and 12.2% from Canada in
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales are determined based on
 the customer destination where the products are shipped.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Long-lived assets consist of net property
 plant
 and equipment.
 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-lived assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;496
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Major Customers&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates
 accounted for approximately 20.7%
 18.8%
 and 19.0% of our
 consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales
 to Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates are included in our North
 American Retail Grocery segment. No other customer accounted for
 more than 10% of our consolidated net sales.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total trade receivables with Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates
 represented approximately 21.9% and 17.5% of our total trade
 receivables as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Product Information&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The following table presents the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales by major products. In 2014
 we added a
 product category (Snacks) due to the acquisition of Flagstone. This
 change did not require prior period adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Products:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657
993&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverages&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433
828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;341
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Soup and infant feeding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Salad dressings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverage enhancers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;359
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pickles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;316
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;302
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mexican and other sauces&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;245
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cereals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;169
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dry dinners&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
075&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aseptic products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Jams&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company incurred other operating expense for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 which
 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Restructuring&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next
 five years is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021-25&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Consolidated Financial
 Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its
 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (the
 &amp;#x201C;Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;TreeHouse
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;we
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;us
&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;our&amp;#x201D;). All intercompany balances
 and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2014
 as a
 result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new
 product category for Snacks. This change did not require prior
 period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
 PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Adopted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17
 &lt;i&gt;Balance
 Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&lt;/i&gt;
 which simplifies the
 presentation of deferred income taxes in a classified statement of
 financial position by requiring that all deferred income tax assets
 and liabilities be classified as noncurrent. Although the ASU is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively
 adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which
 resulted in the reclassification of deferred income tax assets in
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The
 adoption of the ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of
 Income. See Note 10 for additional details.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs
 Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;
 which clarifies
 the Securities and Exchange Commission&amp;#x2019;s (&amp;#x201C;SEC&amp;#x201D;)
 position on the presentation and measurement of debt issuance costs
 incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The ASU
 clarifies that the SEC will not object to an entity deferring and
 presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently
 amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term
 of the line-of-credit arrangement. This ASU is effective upon
 issuance and did not change how the Company historically reported
 its deferred issuance costs incurred in connection with its line of
 credit.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-07
 &lt;i&gt;Disclosures
 for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value
 per Share (or Its Equivalent)&lt;/i&gt;
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient discussed in ASC 820-10-35. The ASU also limits
 required disclosures to investments for which an entity has elected
 to measure fair value using the practical expedient. Under current
 guidance
 certain disclosures are required for all investments
 eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per
 share practical expedient. Although the ASU is effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 earlier application
 is permitted. The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU for the
 fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which resulted in the removal of
 disclosures with regard to the categorization within the fair value
 hierarchy for certain investments measured using the practical
 expedient for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had
 no impact on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated
 Statements of Income. See Note 16 for additional details.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03
 &lt;i&gt;Interest
 &amp;#x2014; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the
 Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/i&gt;
 which changes the
 presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet. Under the
 ASU
 an entity will present debt issuance costs as a direct
 deduction of the related debt liability with the amortization of
 the debt issuance costs reported as interest expense. Under current
 guidance
 debt issuance costs are reported separately as an asset
 with the amortization recorded as interest expense. Although the
 ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively
 adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which
 resulted in the reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not
 associated with line-of-credit arrangements in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU
 had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 11
 for additional details.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Not yet adopted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-16
 &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
 Adjustments
&lt;/i&gt; to simplify the accounting for adjustments made to
 provisional amounts. This ASU requires that an acquirer recognize
 adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the
 measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment
 amounts are determined. The ASU also requires acquirers to present
 separately on the face of the income statement
 or disclose in the
 notes
 the portion of the amount recorded in current-period
 earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
 reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had
 been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is effective
 for fiscal periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. The
 Company will apply this guidance prospectively
 beginning
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11
 &lt;i&gt;Simplifying
 the Measurement of Inventory
&lt;/i&gt; which requires entities to
 measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 (&amp;#x201C;NRV&amp;#x201D;). This ASU will not apply to inventory valued
 under the last-in-first-out method. Under current guidance
 an
 entity is required to measure inventory at the lower of cost or
 market
 with market defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a
 normal profit margin. The three market measurements added
 complexity and reduced comparability in the valuation of inventory.
 FASB issued this ASU as part of its simplification initiative to
 address these issues. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and
 interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating
 the impact of the standard.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Disclosure
 of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a
 Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;
 providing additional guidance surrounding the
 disclosure of going concern uncertainties in the financial
 statements and implementing requirements for management to perform
 interim and annual assessments of an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to
 continue as a going concern within one year of the date the
 financial statements are issued. The ASU is effective for fiscal
 years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The Company does not anticipate the
 adoption of the ASU will result in additional disclosures
 however
 management will begin performing the periodic assessments required
 by the ASU on its effective date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 which introduced a new framework to
 be used when recognizing revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity
 and increase comparability of revenue recognition practices across
 entities
 industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those
 years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017. The standard
 requires that entities apply the effects of these changes to all
 prior years presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full
 retrospective method
 which presents the impact of the change
 separately in each prior year presented
 or the modified
 retrospective method
 which includes the cumulative changes to all
 prior years presented in beginning retained earnings in the year of
 initial adoption. The Company has not yet determined which of the
 two adoption methods to elect. The Company is currently assessing
 the impact that this standard will have upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued purchase of property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Non-cash financing activities for the twelve months ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 included $20.0 million
 $13.4 million
 and $11.9 million
 respectively
 related to the
 vesting of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and
 performance stock units.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Facility Closing and Reorganization Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 There have been no significant changes in the number of Company
 employees covered by the multiemployer plans or other significant
 events that would affect the comparability of contributions to the
 plans.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Pension Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&lt;br /&gt;
 Zone Status&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;FIP&lt;br /&gt;
 Implemented&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes or no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=10 align=center&gt;TreeHouse Foods&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&lt;br /&gt;
 (In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;Surcharge&lt;br /&gt;
 Imposed&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 colspan=2 align=center&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Of Collective&lt;br /&gt;
 Bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Agreement&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;EIN&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Plan Year
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-2154936&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Yes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12/27/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-6067654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;91-6145047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2/28/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&amp;#xA0;American&lt;br /&gt;
 Retail Grocery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Food&amp;#xA0;Away&lt;br /&gt;
 From&amp;#xA0;Home&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Industrial&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Export&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;884
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reallocation of goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
423
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
649
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrealized foreign exchange loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss and credit carryovers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed assets and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(346
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(346
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(279
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Not recorded at fair value (liability):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(353
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(352
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(559
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(295
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(294
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(315
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A-1&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(202
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(383
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(406
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are financial
 assets with carrying values that approximate fair value. Accounts
 payable are financial liabilities with carrying values that
 approximate fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 Term
 Loan A-1
 2022 Notes
 commodity contracts
 and foreign currency
 contracts are determined using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 inputs are
 inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for an
 asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. The fair values
 of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1
 were estimated using present value techniques and market based
 interest rates and credit spreads. The fair value of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s 2022 Notes was estimated based on quoted market
 prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered
 Level 2
 due to their infrequent trading volume.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The fair values of the commodity contracts and foreign currency
 contracts are based on an analysis comparing the contract rates to
 the market rates at the balance sheet date. The commodity contracts
 and foreign currency contracts are recorded at fair value on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The fair value of the investments was determined using Level 1
 inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the
 ability to access at the measurement dates. The investments are
 recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate
 and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward
 purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign
 currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue
 financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The
 Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
 not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair
 value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
 designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain
 or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged
 transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is
 recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 excluding deferred
 financing costs
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 are as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;680
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
244
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Health care cost trend rates:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health care cost trend rate for next year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ultimate rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ultimate rate achieved&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Components of income before income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 $24.4
 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The provision for income taxes includes
 federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
 financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities.
 Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the
 difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The
 functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions resulting from acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
366&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
163&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
542&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of the 2015
 2014
 and
 2013 provision for income taxes:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
954&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;356
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;285
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(874&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(72
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(114
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;465&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(176
083&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(86
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(211
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(180
357&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(84
151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(181
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(63
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(88
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
055
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;919
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
034
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(993
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
457&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(178
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
089
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;484
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;481
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net proceeds from issuance of stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
737&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;927
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(125
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(93
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
971&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(194
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(306
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACQUISITIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Flagstone&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Flagstone
 a privately owned U.S. based manufacturer of
 branded and private label varieties of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. Flagstone is
 one of the largest manufacturers and distributors of private label
 wholesome snacks in the United States
 and is the largest
 manufacturer of trail mix and dried fruits in the United States.
 The purchase price was approximately $854.2 million
 net of
 acquired cash
 after adjustments for working capital. The
 acquisition was financed through additional borrowings and the
 issuance of common stock. The acquisition expanded our existing
 product offerings by providing the Company with an entrance into
 the wholesome snack food category
 while also providing more
 exposure to the perimeter of the store.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Flagstone acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition
 method of accounting and the results of operations are included in
 our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North
 American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments.
 Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Income
 are&amp;#xA0;Flagstone&amp;#x2019;s net sales of approximately $287.3
 million and net income of $3.8 million from the date of acquisition
 through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. Net income was partially offset by
 integration costs of $10.3 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
755&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
081&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;511
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
012
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;855
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company allocated $231.7 million to customer relationships and
 $6.3 million to trade names
 each of which have an estimated life
 of 15 years. The Company allocated $1.6 million to recipes and
 formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company
 allocated $1.8 million to capitalized software with an estimated
 life of 1 year. The aforementioned intangibles are amortized on a
 straight line basis. The Company allocated $2.5 million to supplier
 relationships
 which are amortized in a method reflecting the
 pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are
 consumed over the period of one year. The Company has allocated all
 $511.3 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery
 segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion
 opportunities related to Flagstone&amp;#x2019;s product offerings in the
 snacking category. None of the goodwill resulting from this
 acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately
 $8.9 million in acquisition costs during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included
 in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. Since the initial preliminary purchase price
 allocation included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s annual report for the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 net adjustments of $5.7 million
 were made to decrease the fair values of the assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
332
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Protenergy&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On May&amp;#xA0;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Protenergy
 a privately owned Canadian based manufacturer
 of broths
 soups
 and gravies. Protenergy specializes in providing
 products in carton and recart packaging for both private label and
 corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national
 brands. The Company paid $140.1 million
 net of acquired cash
 for
 the purchase of Protenergy. The acquisition was financed through
 borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The acquisition
 expanded our existing packaging capabilities and enables us to
 offer customers a full range of soup products
 as well as leverage
 our research and development capabilities in the evolution of shelf
 stable liquids packaging from cans to cartons.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Protenergy acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition
 method of accounting and the results of operations are included in
 our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North
 American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments.
 Included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Income
 are Protenergy&amp;#x2019;s net sales of approximately $116.4 million
 from the date of acquisition through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. Also
 included is a net loss of $2.8 million from the date of acquisition
 through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. This loss includes integration
 costs of $6.1 million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192
752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfavorable contractual agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The Company allocated $49.5 million to customer relationships that
 have an estimated life of 15 years and $0.4 million to formulas
 with an estimated life of 5 years. These intangible assets are
 amortized on a straight line basis. The Company recorded $7.6
 million of unfavorable contractual agreements
 which have an
 estimated life of 2.6 years. These unfavorable contracts are
 amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic
 costs are incurred. As of the acquisition date
 the Company has
 allocated all $50.7 million of goodwill to the North American
 Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of
 expansion opportunities
 driven in part by Protenergy&amp;#x2019;s
 packaging technology. None of the goodwill resulting from this
 acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately
 $3.3 million in acquisition costs during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included
 in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Since the initial preliminary purchase price allocation included in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s annual report for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 net adjustments of $0.2 million were made
 to increase the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Below is a summary of the plant closing costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;City of Industry Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;To&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Asset-related&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee-related&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Not recorded at fair value (liability):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(353
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(352
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(559
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(295
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(294
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(315
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A-1&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(202
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(383
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(406
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second (2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;783
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759
208&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;798
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;865
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152
437&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
787&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;618
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;627
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;795
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;903
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Due to rounding and the issuance of
 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the
 same as the total for the year.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The Company acquired Protenergy in
 May of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The Company acquired Flagstone in
 July of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the
 number of weighted average common shares outstanding during the
 reporting period. The weighted average number of common shares used
 in the diluted earnings per share calculation is determined using
 the treasury stock method and includes the incremental effect
 related to the Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding stock-based compensation
 awards.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
052&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
709&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per basic share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net earnings per diluted share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Incremental shares from equity awards
 are computed by the treasury stock method. Equity awards
 excluded
 from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they
 were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7&amp;#xA0;million
 0.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 0.5&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=39%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recognized in Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Mark-to-market unrealized gain (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total unrealized gain (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Realized (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Manufacturing related to cost of sales and
 transportation related to selling and distribution&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
821&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total realized (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
954&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;226
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681
711&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Construction in progress&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
010&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;958
292&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;915
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(416
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(371
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term (yrs.)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
793&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
866&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of the following
 components
 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrecognized&lt;br /&gt;
 Pension and&lt;br /&gt;
 Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&amp;#xA0;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Financial&lt;br /&gt;
 Instrument&amp;#xA0;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(100
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(113
468&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The foreign currency translation
 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The unrecognized pension and
 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $30 thousand
 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The derivative financial instrument
 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand for the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reclassifications&amp;#xA0;from&amp;#xA0;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;in The&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Statements&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative financial instrument&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial Adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
636&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These accumulated other comprehensive
 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional
 details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the actuarial adjustment
 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance
 to actual.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Non-U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
574&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Fixed income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales by major
 products. In 2014
 we added a product category (Snacks) due to the
 acquisition of Flagstone. This change did not require prior period
 adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Products:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Snacks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;657
993&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;287
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverages&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433
828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;499
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;341
547&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Soup and infant feeding&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;381
444&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;219
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Salad dressings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beverage enhancers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;338
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;359
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pickles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;316
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;302
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mexican and other sauces&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;245
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cereals&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;168
739&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;169
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dry dinners&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;123
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
285&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
075&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aseptic products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other products&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Jams&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We record research
 and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report
 them in the General and administrative expense line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $14.3
 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 The carrying amounts of our intangible assets with indefinite
 lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total indefinite lived intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gains) losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$67
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
242&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Company contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
040&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$49
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 $&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 $&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Funded status of the plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total
 before tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$21
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$20
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as
 incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution expense line
 of our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;North&amp;#xA0;American&lt;br /&gt;
 Retail Grocery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Food&amp;#xA0;Away&lt;br /&gt;
 From&amp;#xA0;Home&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Industrial&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Export&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;884
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138
864&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;556
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reallocation of goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
557&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
184&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
439
476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase price adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency exchange adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
423
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134
086&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
649
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has not incurred any goodwill impairments since its
 inception.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Approximately $333.3 million of goodwill is deductible for tax
 purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 The carrying amounts of our intangible assets with indefinite
 lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total indefinite lived intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The decrease in the indefinite lived intangibles balance is due to
 foreign currency translation. Our 2015 and 2014 impairment reviews
 of indefinite lived intangible assets resulted in no
 impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of
 intangible assets
 with finite lives
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer-related (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;560
457&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;794
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contractual agreements (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks (3)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
240&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes (4)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software (5)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
040&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;893
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(271
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;621
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;687
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the weighted average remaining useful
 lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
 (1)&amp;#xA0;customer-related at 13.0 years
 (2)&amp;#xA0;contractual
 agreements at 2.3 years
 (3)&amp;#xA0;trademarks at 10.9 years
 (4)&amp;#xA0;formulas/recipes at 3.8 years
 and (5)&amp;#xA0;computer
 software at 4.4 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
 in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 12.5 years as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 were $646.7 million and $716.3
 million
 respectively. Amortization expense on intangible assets
 was $60.6 million
 $52.6 million
 and $35.4 million
 for the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next
 five years is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the
 impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows.
 Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
 such as forecasted
 growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our
 internal projections and operating plans.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts
 receivable:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;to&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Write-Offs of&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Uncollectable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recoveries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;End&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(783&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 by asset category is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 (h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
613&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year Credit Bond Fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
787&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;This fund is an investment vehicle
 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective
 of this fund.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital
 Aggregate Bond Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones
 U.S. ex-LP&amp;#x2019;s Total Stock Market Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed
 and emerging markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond
 Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity
 exposure.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to outperform the Barclay&amp;#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income
 market.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(h)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;As described in in Note 2
 the
 Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are
 measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient
 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these
 assets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;RESTRUCTURING&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;City of Industry
 California&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On November&amp;#xA0;18
 2015
 the Company announced the planned closing of the City of
 Industry
 California facility after reviewing the operation and
 identifying an opportunity to lower production costs. Production at
 the facility
 which primarily relates to liquid non-dairy creamer
 and refrigerated salad dressings in the Food Away From Home
 segment
 is expected to cease in the first quarter of 2016
 with
 full closure of the facility expected in the third quarter of 2016.
 Production will be moved to other Company-owned manufacturing
 facilities
 as well as to third-party co-manufacturers. Total costs
 to close the City of Industry facility are expected to be
 approximately $10.9 million as detailed below
 of which
 approximately $7.2 million is expected to be in cash. Expenses
 associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in
 the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income
 with the exception of asset-related costs
 which are recorded in Cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Below is a summary of the plant closing costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;City of Industry Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cumulative&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;To&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Asset-related&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee-related&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other closure costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company has accrued $0.4 million
 of severance and $0.8 million with respect to a partial withdrawal
 liability from a multiemployer pension plan. No payments have been
 made with respect to these accruals.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Soup restructuring&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; In August of 2012
 following a
 strategic review of the soup category
 the Company announced a
 restructuring plan that included reductions to the cost structure
 of the Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facility by reorganizing and
 simplifying the soup business there and the closure of the Mendota
 Illinois soup plant. The restructuring has reduced manufacturing
 costs by streamlining operations and transferring production from
 the Mendota plant to the Pittsburgh plant. Production at the
 Mendota facility was primarily related to the North American Retail
 Grocery segment and ended as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 with full
 plant closure in the second quarter of 2013. The Company incurred
 approximately $0.6 million of closure costs with respect to this
 project in 2015 and $1.5 million in 2014. Expenses incurred
 associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in
 the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. The restructuring is substantially
 complete.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On August&amp;#xA0;7
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant in
 Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 and the transfer of production to
 facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production
 at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the
 North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the fourth
 quarter of 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first
 quarter of 2014. The Company incurred $0.9 million of closure costs
 with respect to this project in 2014 and none in 2015. Expenses
 incurred associated with the facility closure are primarily
 aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the
 Consolidated Statements of Income. This restructuring is
 complete.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVESTMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-U.S. equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
574&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at
 the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each
 balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt
 and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
 available-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification.
 The investments held by the Company are classified as trading
 securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value
 recorded as a component of the Interest income or Interest expense
 line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows from
 purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading securities are included
 in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which
 the securities were acquired.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Our investments include U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed
 income securities that are classified as short-term investments on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term
 investments as they have characteristics of other current assets
 and are actively managed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of
 three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $24.4 million
 and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash and cash
 equivalents held in Canada in local currency and are convertible
 into other currencies. The cash and cash equivalents held in Canada
 are expected to be used for general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects and acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 we recognized unrealized
 losses totaling $1.3 million that are included in the Interest
 expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and $1.3
 million in unrealized gains that are included in the Interest
 income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally
 for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 we recognized a realized
 gain on investments totaling $0.2 million that was included in the
 Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. When
 securities are sold
 their cost is determined based on the FIFO
 method.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2015&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used todetermine the periodic
 benefit costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;4.50%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-lived assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;496
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;416
170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;462
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
994
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;467
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
405
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;412
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
562
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;589
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342
152&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;312
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
517&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(123
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
596
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;493
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
061
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;421
709&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
339
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
853&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;221
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
871&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
871&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
168&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
069
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320
313&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(95
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
644
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(95
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
818
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;475
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;223
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
346&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;




 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Term Loan A&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;295
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Term Loan A-1&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;190
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Tax increment financing and other debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
244
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less current portion&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
437
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Components of income before income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign source&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of the 2015
 2014
 and
 2013 provision for income taxes:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
161&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
276&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
816&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(680&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax at statutory rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
909&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic production activities deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total provision for income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrealized foreign exchange loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss and credit carryovers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
732&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
279&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
968&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed assets and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(346
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(346
076&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(355
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(279
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As described in Note 2
 the Company retrospectively adopted ASU
 2015-17
 which resulted in the reclassification of deferred income
 tax assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods
 presented. This change decreased non-current liabilities by $35.6
 million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 with a corresponding decrease
 in current assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in
 the U.S. federal
 Canada and various U.S. state jurisdictions. In
 the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination
 for the tax year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and forward; for
 Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2010 and forward and for the various
 U.S. state jurisdictions the Company is generally open to
 examination for the tax year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2011 and
 forward.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the third quarter of 2015
 the Internal Revenue Service
 (&amp;#x201C;IRS&amp;#x201D;) initiated an examination of Flagstone Foods
 Inc.&amp;#x2019;s pre-acquisition 2013 tax year. The Canadian Revenue
 Agency (&amp;#x201C;CRA&amp;#x201D;) is currently examining the 2008 through
 2013 tax years of E.D. Smith. The IRS and CRA examinations are
 expected to be completed in 2016 or 2017. The Company has
 examinations in process with various state taxing authorities
 which are expected to be complete in 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Management estimates that it is reasonably possible that the total
 amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as
 $1.5 million within the next 12 months
 primarily as a result of
 the resolution of audits currently in progress and the lapsing of
 statutes of limitations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the year
 the Company recorded adjustments to its
 unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and
 ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
001&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions resulting from acquisitions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
366&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions for tax positions of prior years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
163&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
542&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in Other long-term
 liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 Included in the balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 are amounts that
 are offset by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences). Of the
 amount accrued at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $7.1 million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 would impact the
 effective tax rate if reversed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related
 to its domestic and international operations which have a 20 year
 definite life. The Company has recorded a deferred asset of $3.9
 million reflecting the benefit of $13.0 million in loss
 carryforwards. All of the loss carryforwards expire between 2032
 and 2034.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company recognizes interest expense (income) and penalties
 related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company
 recognized $0.1 million
 $(0.1) million
 and $(0.2) million of
 interest and penalties in income tax expense
 respectively. The
 Company has accrued approximately $0.6 million and $0.3 million for
 the payment of interest and penalties at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 approximately $98.8 million of
 undistributed earnings of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign subsidiaries
 were deemed to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 any
 applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes
 have not been provided on these earnings. If these earnings had not
 been indefinitely reinvested
 deferred taxes of approximately $33.8
 million would have been recognized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the first quarter of 2008
 the Company entered into an
 intercompany financing structure that results in the recognition of
 foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. As the
 foreign earnings are permanently reinvested
 U.S. income taxes have
 not been provided. For the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014
 the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately $4.0
 million and $4.6 million
 respectively
 related to this item.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Intangible and Other Assets&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful
 lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-competition agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 arrangements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31) at the reporting unit level using market and
 income approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding
 growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit.
 The market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing
 revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and
 amortization (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) and applies a range of
 multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value.
 In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the
 multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent
 publically available information. Our estimates under the income
 approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. In
 determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the
 Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with
 each approach given equal weighting. The resulting value is then
 compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If the book
 value of the reporting unit exceeds the indicated fair value
 goodwill is then considered under the second step of the impairment
 test. In the second step
 goodwill impairment is measured as the
 difference between the implied value of goodwill and its carrying
 value. The implied value of goodwill is determined based on a
 hypothetical analysis that calculates the fair value of goodwill as
 if the related reporting unit were being acquired in a business
 combination.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Basis of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Consolidated Financial
 Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its
 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (the
 &amp;#x201C;Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;TreeHouse
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;we
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;us
&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;our&amp;#x201D;). All intercompany balances
 and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2014
 as a
 result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new
 product category for Snacks. This change did not require prior
 period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The preparation of our Consolidated
 Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 $24.4
 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method
 and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average
 costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued
 using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories
 include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Property
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Intangible and Other Assets&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful
 lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-competition agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 arrangements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31) at the reporting unit level using market and
 income approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding
 growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit.
 The market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing
 revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and
 amortization (&amp;#x201C;EBITDA&amp;#x201D;) and applies a range of
 multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value.
 In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the
 multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent
 publically available information. Our estimates under the income
 approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. In
 determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the
 Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with
 each approach given equal weighting. The resulting value is then
 compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If the book
 value of the reporting unit exceeds the indicated fair value
 goodwill is then considered under the second step of the impairment
 test. In the second step
 goodwill impairment is measured as the
 difference between the implied value of goodwill and its carrying
 value. The implied value of goodwill is determined based on a
 hypothetical analysis that calculates the fair value of goodwill as
 if the related reporting unit were being acquired in a business
 combination.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We measure compensation
 expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The
 resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period.
 See Note 14.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The provision for income taxes includes
 federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
 financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities.
 Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the
 difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The
 functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Our shipping and handling
 costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $87.2 million
 $80.0 million
 and $55.3 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate
 and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward
 purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign
 currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue
 financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The
 Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
 not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair
 value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
 designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain
 or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged
 transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is
 recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 generally payable in monthly installments of principal and
 interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 financed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Insurance Accruals&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Facility Closing and Reorganization Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Research and Development Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We record research
 and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report
 them in the General and administrative expense line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $14.3
 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as
 incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution expense line
 of our Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s 2022 Notes are guaranteed fully and
 unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 by its Guarantor
 Subsidiaries. As described in Note 11
 Associated Brands
 Inc.;
 Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; Cains GP
 LLC; and Flagstone
 Foods
 Inc. (formerly known as Snacks Holding Corporation) were
 added as Guarantor Subsidiaries in the fourth quarter of 2015. In
 the fourth quarter of 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a
 Guarantor Subsidiary. There are no significant restrictions on the
 ability of the parent company or any guarantor to obtain funds from
 its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The following supplemental
 consolidating financial information presents the results of
 operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of the parent
 company
 its guarantor subsidiaries
 its non-guarantor subsidiaries
 and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the
 Company on a consolidated basis as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014 and for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and
 2013. The equity method has been used with respect to investments
 in subsidiaries. The principal elimination entries eliminate
 investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and
 transactions. As a result of the addition of the guarantors noted
 above
 the following supplemental consolidating financial
 information has been recast for prior periods as if the new
 guarantor structure existed for all periods presented
 as of the
 acquisition dates of the respective guarantors. As a result of the
 removal of EDS Holdings
 LLC as a guarantor in 2014
 all prior
 period supplemental consolidating financial information has been
 revised to remove it as a guarantor for all periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500
308&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;83
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
996&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
026&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;688
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;147
639&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;847
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;448
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;541
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
496
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
649
794&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
411
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
792
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;582
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(543
738&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;504
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664
271&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
112
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
974
679&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;443
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
827
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
702
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
526&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;260
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
621&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
147&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
219
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
668&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
092&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
854
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
411
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
955&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
792
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
854
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
112
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
974
679&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;443
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
827
198&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
702
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
148&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;186
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
656&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;497
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;96
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
065&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;690
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192
771&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;913
872&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
411&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;440
613&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;74
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
490
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
667
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Investment in subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
699
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;840
606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(759
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible and other assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
708&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;539
236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146
743&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;732
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
257
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
831
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
741
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
858
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Liabilities and Stockholders&amp;#x2019; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current portion of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
121&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
825&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;309
854&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
431
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
437
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;278
295&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
173&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
578&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;283
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
088&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
984&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269
325&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;430
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
699
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
759
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
257
229&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
831
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;510
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
741
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
858
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
994
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;467
687&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
405
134&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;412
688&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255
720&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
562
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;589
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342
152&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
097&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
332&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
817&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;312
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
517&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(123
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;297
260&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;106
288&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
719&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
596
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;493
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
061
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;421
709&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
339
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534
853&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
632&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;221
106&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;333
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;275
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
071&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
871&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
036&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(959&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
871&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on extinguishment of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
168&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
519&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
054&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
069
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320
313&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(95
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
644
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(95
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
818
378&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;475
549&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other operating expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
206&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;223
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;967&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
304&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other (income) expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(106
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;244
346&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
438&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
460&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(93
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(124
921&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98
803&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
954&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;356
395&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(190
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;285
318&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(874&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(72
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(114
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;465&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;606&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(176
083&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;125
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(86
321&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(211
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
510&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
252&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(180
357&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(84
151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(181
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
358&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
919&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
201&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(63
843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
531&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(88
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
012&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
055
537&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;919
876&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
034
894&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(993
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
457&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
842&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
080
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(178
920&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;183
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
089
906&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;484
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;481
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net proceeds from issuance of stock&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;358
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
832&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
737&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
593&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;927
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;885
189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
562&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
981&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 18pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
857&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from investing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
923&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
480&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(125
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(93
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
652&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
140&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;966&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash used in investing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
971&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(194
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(306
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intercompany transfer&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
779&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
718&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
490&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
932&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;269&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
338&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of
 intangible assets
 with finite lives
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 and 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=44%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross&lt;br /&gt;
 Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets with finite lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer-related (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;769
419&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(208
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;560
457&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;794
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168
462&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625
838&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contractual agreements (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
831&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
829&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks (3)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
240&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
041&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes (4)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
471&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software (5)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;78
039&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40
999&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
040&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total other intangibles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;893
133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(271
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;621
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905
673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(218
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;687
303&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the weighted average remaining useful
 lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
 (1)&amp;#xA0;customer-related at 13.0 years
 (2)&amp;#xA0;contractual
 agreements at 2.3 years
 (3)&amp;#xA0;trademarks at 10.9 years
 (4)&amp;#xA0;formulas/recipes at 3.8 years
 and (5)&amp;#xA0;computer
 software at 4.4 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
 in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 12.5 years as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The preparation of our Consolidated
 Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=45%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;191
344&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(191
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;114
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(48
814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(93
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
773&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
499&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(184
126&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;59
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(124
921&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Parent&lt;br /&gt;
 Company&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Non-Guarantor&lt;br /&gt;
 Subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Eliminations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(136
716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency translation adjustments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(98
803&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71
865&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019;
 EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Common stock&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company has authorized
 90&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01
 per share. No dividends have been declared or paid.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;16
 2014
 the Company entered into an underwriting
 agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities
 LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 and Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner
&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Smith
 Incorporated
 as representatives of the several underwriters named
 therein (together
 the &amp;#x201C;Underwriters&amp;#x201D;)
 relating to the
 issuance and sale by the Company of up to 4
950
331 shares of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the
 &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. On
 July&amp;#xA0;22
 2014
 the Company closed the public offering of an
 aggregate 4
950
331 shares
 at a price of $75.50 per share. The
 Company used the net proceeds ($358 million) from the stock
 offering to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 there were 43
125
563 shares of
 common stock issued and outstanding. There is no treasury stock
 issued or outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company has authorized
 10&amp;#xA0;million shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01
 per share. No preferred stock has been issued.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;23.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&lt;b&gt;QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second (2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third (3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;783
145&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759
208&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;798
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;865
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;152
437&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
787&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
401&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
852&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.73&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.66&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.72&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;618
903&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;627
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;795
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;903
513&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132
991&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135
677&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
795&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
992&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
759&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
917&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income per common share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.57&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Due to rounding and the issuance of
 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the
 same as the total for the year.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The Company acquired Protenergy in
 May of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The Company acquired Flagstone in
 July of 2014.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND
 CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We lease certain property
 plant
 equipment
 and distribution
 warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating
 lease agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to
 seventeen years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was
 $31.9 million
 $28.3 million
 and $22.8 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
082&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
042&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total minimum payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105
597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
337&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of capital lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Litigation
 Investigations
 and Audits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014; The Company is party
 in the ordinary course of business to certain claims
 litigation
 audits
 and investigations. The Company believes it has established
 adequate accruals for liabilities that are probable and reasonably
 estimable that may be incurred in connection with any such
 currently pending or threatened matter
 none of which are
 significant. In the Company&amp;#x2019;s opinion
 the settlement of any
 such currently pending or threatened matter is not expected to have
 a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option
 awards granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are presented as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Fees&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Our shipping and handling
 costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $87.2 million
 $80.0 million
 and $55.3 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In connection with the financing of the acquisition of the private
 brands business (&amp;#x201C;Private Brands Business&amp;#x201D;) of ConAgra
 Foods
 on January&amp;#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company announced the offering
 of $750 million of stock
 or 11
538
461 shares at $65.00 per share.
 Included in the offering was an underwriters&amp;#x2019; option to
 purchase an additional 1
730
769 shares at $65.00 per share. On
 January&amp;#xA0;26
 2016
 a total of 13
269
230 shares were issued
 resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $862.5 million. Net
 cash from the offering
 after the exercise of the over-allotment
 option and after considering the underwriting fees
 was
 approximately $836.6 million. The net proceeds from the offering
 were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of the Private Brands
 Business.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Also in connection with the financing of the acquisition of the
 Private Brands Business
 on January&amp;#xA0;29
 2016
 the Company
 completed an exempt offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of
 the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of
 6.0% senior unsecured notes (&amp;#x201C;2024 Notes&amp;#x201D;) due
 February&amp;#xA0;15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the
 2024 Notes (approximately $763.4 million after deducting
 underwriting discounts) were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition
 of the Private Brands Business. Interest on the 2024 Notes will be
 paid on February&amp;#xA0;15&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; and
 August&amp;#xA0;15&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; of each year
 beginning August&amp;#xA0;15
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company completed its acquisition of
 the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 excluding transaction expenses and subject to working capital and
 other adjustments. The acquisition will be accounted for under the
 acquisition method of accounting. The required disclosures have not
 been provided as the initial accounting for the business
 combination was not complete prior to the issuance of these
 financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The acquisition was funded by $836.6 million in net proceeds from
 the sale of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 $763.4 million in net
 proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
 and $1
025.0 million
 in Term Loan A-2 financing
 with the remaining balance funded by
 borrowings from the Company&amp;#x2019;s Revolving Credit Facility. The
 Term Loan A-2 financing was funded on February&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 coincident with the closing of the acquisition and has a term of 5
 years. Interest on the Term Loan A-2 financing is based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and is determined by
 either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 3.00%
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.25% to 2.00%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. The Company obtained Term Loan A-2 pursuant to an
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&amp;#xA0;1
 2016. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amends
 restates
 and replaces the Company&amp;#x2019;s existing Credit Agreement
 dated
 as of May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014. Significant components of the Amended and
 Restated Credit Agreement include (but are not limited to)
 (1)&amp;#xA0;changes to the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit
 Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 so that they are
 coterminous and will mature on February&amp;#xA0;1
 2021
 (2)&amp;#xA0;issuance of Term Loan A-2
 (3)&amp;#xA0;the Credit Agreement
 is now a secured facility until the Company reaches a leverage
 ratio of 3.5 and has no other pari-passu secured debt outstanding
 and (4)&amp;#xA0;increased credit spreads. The Amended and Restated
 Credit Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the
 prior Credit Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Increase:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Decrease:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Employee&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Director&lt;br /&gt;
 Restricted&lt;br /&gt;
 Stock&amp;#xA0;Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant&amp;#xA0;Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
769&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;554
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;295
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Term Loan A-1&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;190
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 Notes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax increment financing and other debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
244
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459
861&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less current portion&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
994&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
437
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 excluding deferred
 financing costs
 at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 are as follows (in
 thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
272&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
085&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;513
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;680
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total outstanding debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
244
502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a new five year
 revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
 million (the &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#x201D;) and a $300
 million term loan (&amp;#x201C;Term Loan A&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to a new
 credit agreement. The proceeds from Term Loan A and a draw at
 closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in
 full
 amounts outstanding under our prior $750 million revolving
 credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Prior Credit Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The new
 credit agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 which was
 terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder
 on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014. As a result of the debt refinancing
 $6.5
 million of fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility and
 $2.4 million of fees associated with Term Loan A will be amortized
 over their five year and seven year terms
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to its
 Credit Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Amendment&amp;#x201D;)
 which among things
 provided for a new $200 million term loan (&amp;#x201C;Term Loan
 A-1&amp;#x201D;). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the
 &amp;#x201C;Acquisition Term Loan&amp;#x201D;) was used to fund
 in part
 the
 acquisition of Flagstone.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 are
 known collectively as the &amp;#x201C;Credit Agreement.&amp;#x201D; The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s average interest rate on debt outstanding under its
 Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 was 1.91%.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 $534.2 million of the aggregate commitment of $900 million of
 the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The Revolving Credit
 Facility matures on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2019. In addition
 as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 there were $12.8 million in letters of
 credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but
 undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation
 of available credit.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Interest is payable quarterly or at the end of the applicable
 interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The
 interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined
 in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as
 jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and
 indirect subsidiaries described as follows: During the fourth
 quarter of 2015
 the Company updated its legal structure and
 consolidated American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&amp;#x2019;s House of
 Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation into a single 100% owned
 indirect guarantor subsidiary
 Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (formerly
 known as Snacks Holding Corporation). Additionally
 the following
 legal entities were added as guarantors in the fourth quarter:
 Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; and
 Cains GP
 LLC. As a result
 Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 and S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. together with the fourth
 quarter changes noted above
 and certain other subsidiaries that
 may become guarantors in the future are collectively known as the
 &amp;#x201C;Guarantor Subsidiaries.&amp;#x201D; In the fourth quarter of
 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a Guarantor Subsidiary. The
 Revolving Credit Facility contains various financial and
 restrictive covenants and requires that the Company maintain
 certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest
 coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default
 provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in
 the event TreeHouse or the Guarantor Subsidiaries (i)&amp;#xA0;fails to
 make a payment when due in respect of any indebtedness or guarantee
 having an aggregate principal amount greater than $50 million or
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;fails to observe or perform any other agreement or
 condition related to such indebtedness or guarantee as a result of
 which the holder(s) of such debt are permitted to accelerate the
 payment of such debt.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Term Loan A&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On May&amp;#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered
 into a $300 million senior unsecured term loan pursuant to the
 Credit Agreement. Term Loan A matures on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2021. The
 interest rates applicable to Term Loan A are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. Term Loan A is subject to substantially the same
 covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same
 Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 $295.5
 million was outstanding under Term Loan A.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Term Loan A-1&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On July&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company
 entered into a $200 million unsecured term loan pursuant to the
 Credit Agreement. Term Loan A-1 matures on May&amp;#xA0;6
 2019. The
 interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&amp;#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same
 covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same
 Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 $190.0
 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;2022 Notes&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On March&amp;#xA0;11
 2014
 the Company
 completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in
 aggregate principal amount of 4.875% notes due March&amp;#xA0;15
 2022
 (the &amp;#x201C;2022 Notes&amp;#x201D;). The net proceeds of $394 million
 ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing
 an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s previously issued 7.75% notes due on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018 (the &amp;#x201C;2018 Notes&amp;#x201D;). The Company issued the 2022
 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantor
 Subsidiaries
 and the Trustee.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Indenture provides
 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes
 will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully
 and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed
 on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in
 addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or
 become borrowers under its credit agreement
 or guarantee certain
 other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted
 subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&amp;#xA0;15 and
 September&amp;#xA0;15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on
 March&amp;#xA0;15
 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at any time
 prior to March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable
 &amp;#x201C;make-whole&amp;#x201D; premium. On or after March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption
 prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior
 to March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the
 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal
 amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of
 certain equity offerings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control
 of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to
 purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest up to the purchase date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants that
 among other
 things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor
 Subsidiaries to: (i)&amp;#xA0;pay dividends or make other restricted
 payments
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;make certain investments
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;incur
 additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&amp;#xA0;create
 liens
 (v)&amp;#xA0;pay dividends or make other payments (except for
 certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain
 subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&amp;#xA0;merge or consolidate with
 other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&amp;#xA0;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and
 (viii)&amp;#xA0;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The
 foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the
 Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an
 investment grade credit rating by both Moody&amp;#x2019;s Investors
 Services
 Inc. and Standard&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Poor&amp;#x2019;s Ratings
 Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer
 apply to the 2022 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes are rated
 investment grade by the two rating agencies.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Tax Increment Financing&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; On December&amp;#xA0;15
 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh (&amp;#x201C;URA&amp;#x201D;)
 issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a
 &amp;#x201C;Tax Increment Financing Plan&amp;#x201D; to assist with certain
 aspects of the development and construction of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facilities. The agreement was transferred
 to the Company as part of the acquisition of the soup and infant
 feeding business. The Company has agreed to make certain payments
 with respect to the principal amount of the URA&amp;#x2019;s
 redevelopment bonds through May 2019. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 $1.3 million remains outstanding that matures May&amp;#xA0;1
 2019.
 Interest accrues at an annual rate of 7.16%.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations and Other&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company owes
 $4.7 million related to capital leases. Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are
 collateralized by the related assets financed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Deferred financing costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; As described in Note 2
 the
 Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03
 which resulted in the
 reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not associated with
 line-of-credit arrangements in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for
 all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on
 the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 deferred financing costs of $1.4 million and $6.5 million
 were included in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term
 debt
 respectively. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 this change
 decreased Other assets
 net
 by $9.1 million
 with corresponding
 decreases of $1.4 million and $7.7 million in Current portion of
 long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Financial information relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales to external customers:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
437
768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
173
391&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
642
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;380
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;398
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392
642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
206
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
946
102&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
293
927&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Direct operating income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348
827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;326
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52
057&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;47
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
109&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
754&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;472
904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;364
563&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
934&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
284&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated cost of sales (1)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unallocated corporate expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(224
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(213
848&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162
387&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;239
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(53
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136
570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124
910&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 North American Retail Grocery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
953&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Food Away From Home&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
327&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Industrial and Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
266&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
379&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Corporate office (2)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
888&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;2013 costs primarily related to
 accelerated depreciation and other charges related to
 restructurings.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes accelerated depreciation
 related to restructurings for 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Interest paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
598&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
998&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income taxes paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued purchase of property and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
824&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued other intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing
 business operations. The primary risks managed by derivative
 instruments include interest rate risk
 foreign currency risk
 and
 commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for
 periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not
 constitute positions independent of those exposures. The Company
 does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or
 speculative purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Interest Rate Risk&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company manages its exposure
 to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate
 and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps to hedge
 our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce the volatility
 of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of
 fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected
 market conditions
 with a bias toward fixed-rate debt.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Risk &amp;#x2014;&lt;/i&gt;Due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 operations in Canada
 we are exposed to foreign currency risk. The
 Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk
 associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 objective in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a
 fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow
 requirements for purchases that are denominated in U.S. dollars.
 These contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and changes in
 their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company had $23.0 million
 of U.S. dollar foreign currency contracts outstanding
 expiring
 throughout 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Commodity Risk&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Certain commodities we use in the
 production and distribution of our products are exposed to market
 price risk. The Company uses derivative contracts to manage this
 risk. The majority of commodity forward contracts are not
 derivatives
 and those that are generally qualify for the normal
 purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for
 derivatives and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject
 to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not
 qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s forward purchase commodity contracts may
 include contracts for diesel
 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and other commodity contracts that do not meet the
 requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company uses diesel contracts to manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 risk associated with the underlying cost of diesel fuel used to
 deliver products. The contracts for oil and plastics are used to
 manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s risk associated with the underlying
 commodity cost of a significant component used in packaging
 materials. The contracts for natural gas and electricity are used
 to manage the Company&amp;#x2019;s risk associated with the utility
 costs of its manufacturing facilities
 and commodity contracts that
 are derivatives that do not meet the normal purchases and normal
 sales scope exception are used to manage the price risk associated
 with raw material costs. As of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company
 had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 56
764 megawatts of
 electricity
 expiring throughout 2016; 5.2&amp;#xA0;million gallons of
 diesel
 expiring throughout 2016; 2.4&amp;#xA0;million dekatherms of
 natural gas
 expiring throughout 2016; and 1.5&amp;#xA0;million pounds
 of coffee
 expiring throughout 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=37%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance Sheet Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Derivatives:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Liability Derivatives:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
044&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=39%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recognized in Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Mark-to-market unrealized gain (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense
 net&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total unrealized gain (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Realized (loss):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commodity contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Manufacturing related to cost of sales and
 transportation related to selling and distribution&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency contracts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
821&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total realized (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
051&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reclassifications&amp;#xA0;from&amp;#xA0;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;in The&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&lt;br /&gt;
 Statements&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Derivative financial instrument&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
576&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial Adjustment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
636&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
434&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
614&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
683&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These accumulated other comprehensive
 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional
 details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents the actuarial adjustment
 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance
 to actual.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw materials and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;274
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;331
535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;334
856&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 LIFO reserve&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
427&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584
115&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;594
098&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Property
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 generally payable in monthly installments of principal and
 interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 financed.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of the following
 components
 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unrecognized&lt;br /&gt;
 Pension and&lt;br /&gt;
 Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&amp;#xA0;(2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Financial&lt;br /&gt;
 Instrument&amp;#xA0;(3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&lt;br /&gt;
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
451&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
123&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(31
763&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(26
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51
326&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(64
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(100
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
956&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(113
468&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The foreign currency translation
 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 permanent investment in its Canadian subsidiaries.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The unrecognized pension and
 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $30 thousand
 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(3)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The derivative financial instrument
 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand for the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;EMPLOYEE PENSION AND
 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Pension and Postretirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Certain of our
 employees and retirees participate in pension and other
 postretirement benefit plans. Employee benefit plan obligations and
 expenses included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are
 determined based on plan assumptions
 employee demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits and claims
 paid
 and employer contributions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Defined Contribution Plans&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Certain of our non-union
 employees participate in savings and profit sharing plans. These
 plans generally provide for salary reduction contributions to the
 plans on behalf of the participants of between 1% and 80% of a
 participant&amp;#x2019;s annual compensation and provide for employer
 matching and profit sharing contributions. The Company established
 a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the assets. For
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company made matching contributions to
 the plan of $6.7 million
 $6.0 million
 and $4.9 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Multiemployer Pension Plans&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company contributes
 to several multiemployer pension plans on behalf of employees
 covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are
 administered jointly by management and union representatives and
 cover substantially all full-time and certain part-time union
 employees who are not covered by other plans. The risks of
 participating in multiemployer plans are different from
 single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1)&amp;#xA0;assets
 contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used
 to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2)&amp;#xA0;if a participating employer stops contributing to the
 plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
 remaining participating employers
 and (3)&amp;#xA0;if the Company
 chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under certain circumstances
 be liable for unfunded vested benefits
 or other expenses of jointly administered union/management plans.
 The Company partially withdrew from the Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of our
 Portland pickle facility during 2013. The Company is liable for a
 share of the plan&amp;#x2019;s unfunded vested benefits. A withdrawal
 liability in the amount of $0.9 million was paid in full during
 2014
 with no remaining liability for the partial withdrawal as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. In November 2015
 the Company announced the
 closure of its City of Industry
 California facility
 and as a
 result
 will further withdraw from the Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Trust Plan. It will not result in a full
 withdrawal. As a result
 as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 the
 estimated partial withdrawal liability is approximately $0.8
 million
 which has been accrued as of year end. No other
 liabilities were established
 as withdrawal from the remaining
 plans is not probable. In 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the contributions
 to these plans
 excluding withdrawal payments
 were $1.4 million
 $1.5 million
 and $1.4 million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s participation in multiemployer pension plans is
 outlined in the table below. The EIN column provides the Employer
 Identification Number (&amp;#x201C;EIN&amp;#x201D;) of each plan. Unless
 otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status
 available in 2015 and 2014 is for the plan&amp;#x2019;s years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. The zone status is
 based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and
 is certified by the plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in
 the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green
 zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for
 which a financial improvement plan &amp;#x201C;(&amp;#x201C;FIP&amp;#x201D;) is
 either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the
 expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements to which
 the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes in
 the number of Company employees covered by the multiemployer plans
 or other significant events that would affect the comparability of
 contributions to the plans.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=35%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Pension Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&lt;br /&gt;
 Zone Status&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;FIP&lt;br /&gt;
 Implemented&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes or no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=10 align=center&gt;TreeHouse Foods&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&lt;br /&gt;
 (In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 align=center&gt;Surcharge&lt;br /&gt;
 Imposed&lt;br /&gt;
 (yes&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;no)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=3 colspan=2 align=center&gt;Expiration&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Of Collective&lt;br /&gt;
 Bargaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Agreement&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=3&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;EIN&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Number&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=3 align=center&gt;Plan Year
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-2154936&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Red&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Yes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;610&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;617&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;592&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12/27/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;36-6067654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;416&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4/30/2017&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;91-6145047&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Green&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2/28/2016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company was listed in the following plan&amp;#x2019;s Form 5500 as
 providing more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the
 following plan and plan years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 Years&amp;#xA0;Contributions&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Exceeded&amp;#xA0;More&amp;#xA0;Than&amp;#xA0;5%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;total&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&amp;#xA0;(as&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0; 31&lt;br /&gt;
 Of the Plan&amp;#x2019;s Year-End)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 2015
&amp;#xA0;2014
&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; The Company
 established a tax-qualified pension plan and master trust to manage
 the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible
 salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a
 multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants
 to assist our Investment Committee with formulating a long-term
 investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate
 of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns
 for the various asset classes in which the plan&amp;#x2019;s assets are
 invested
 weighted by the target asset allocations. The estimated
 ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset
 returns and their historical volatility. In determining the
 expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain
 market and economic factors that influence returns
 such as
 inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields.
 Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to
 the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption
 annually.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s overall investment strategy is to provide a
 regular and reliable source of income to meet the liquidity needs
 of the pension plans and minimize reliance on plan sponsor
 contributions as a source of benefit security. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures
 designed to ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to
 meet expected future benefits earned by participants. Central to
 the policy are target allocation ranges by major asset classes. The
 objective of the target allocations is to ensure the assets are
 invested with the intent to protect pension plan assets so that
 such assets are preserved for the provision of benefits to
 participants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as
 may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without
 undue risk. Additionally
 we consider the weighted average return
 of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable
 equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix
 guidelines
 under the investment policy
 target equities at 55% to
 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 our master trust was invested as follows:
 equity securities of 59.7%
 fixed income securities of 39.9% and
 cash and cash equivalents of 0.4%. Equity securities primarily
 include investments in collective equity funds that invest in
 domestic and international securities
 with a primary focus on
 domestic securities. Fixed income securities primarily include
 investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of
 companies from diversified industries. Other investments are short
 term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
 investments in a
 collective bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time
 deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds and others.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 by asset category is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Plan&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Measurements&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 (h)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Short Term Investment Fund (a)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
945&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
613&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 International All Country World Index Fund (d)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Collective Daily 1-5 year Credit Bond Fund (e)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
787&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
234&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
942&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
074&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;This fund is an investment vehicle
 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective
 of this fund.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital
 Aggregate Bond Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones
 U.S. ex-LP&amp;#x2019;s Total Stock Market Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed
 and emerging markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond
 Index.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity
 exposure.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The primary objective of this fund is
 to outperform the Barclay&amp;#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income
 market.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(h)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;As described in in Note 2
 the
 Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are
 measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient
 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these
 assets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Pension benefits for eligible salaried and non-union employees were
 frozen in 2002 for years of creditable service. For these
 employees
 incremental pension benefits are only earned for changes
 in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits
 earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining
 agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on creditable years of service and the specified
 benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining
 agreements. The Company&amp;#x2019;s funding policy provides that annual
 contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least
 equal to the minimum amounts required by Employee Retirement Income
 Security Act of 1974
 as amended. The Company estimates that its
 2016 contributions to its pension plans will be $2.6 million. In
 2014
 the retirement of selected employees with substantial pension
 balances owed upon retirement was deemed a settlement charge of
 $0.6 million. The measurement date for the defined benefit pension
 plans is December&amp;#xA0;31. In 2015
 the actuarial gain relating to
 the defined benefit pension plans was primarily driven by the
 change in the discount rate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Other Postretirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Certain employees
 participate in benefit programs that provide certain health care
 and life insurance benefits for retired employees and their
 eligible dependents. The plans are unfunded. The Company estimates
 that its 2016 contributions to its postretirement benefit plans
 will be $0.2 million. The measurement date for the other
 postretirement benefit plans is December&amp;#xA0;31.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company contributes to certain multiemployer postretirement
 benefit plans other than pensions on behalf of employees covered by
 collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered
 jointly by management and union representatives and cover all
 eligible retirees. These plans are primarily health and welfare
 funds and carry the same multiemployer risks as identified at the
 beginning of this Note. Total contributions to these plans were
 $2.6 million
 $2.5 million
 and $2.2 million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
672&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gains) losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
813&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
707&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(449&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;218&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$67
851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$67
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in plan assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48
761&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
242&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Company contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
040&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
060&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
751&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$49
353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$51
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 $&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 $&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Funded status of the plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
849&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
312&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
498&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
463&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;659&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
581&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(168&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(236&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total
 before tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$21
159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$20
809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;$423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the pension
 benefit obligations:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Post&amp;#xA0;65&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Health care cost trend rates:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Health care cost trend rate for next year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ultimate rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ultimate rate achieved&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 and postretirement benefit plans
 for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Components of net periodic costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ASC 715 settlement charge&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=42%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2015&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used todetermine the periodic
 benefit costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;4.50%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive loss into net periodic cost in 2016 is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;157&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
487&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
736&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021-25&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Increase:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 1% Decrease:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation
 end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost plus interest cost for the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Most of our employees are not eligible for postretirement medical
 benefits and of those that are
 the majority are covered by a
 multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The
 effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability
 was not significant.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 and postretirement benefit plans
 for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Components of net periodic costs:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
772&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
217&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
528&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
733&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ASC 715 settlement charge&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;564&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method
 and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average
 costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued
 using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories
 include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=47%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 10 to 20 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-competition agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 agreements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over the terms of the
 arrangements&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas/recipes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 5 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computer software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Straight-line method over 2 to 7 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Insurance Accruals&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested performance units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company was listed in the following plan&amp;#x2019;s Form 5500 as
 providing more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the
 following plan and plan years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt&gt;
 Plan Name:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 Years&amp;#xA0;Contributions&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 Exceeded&amp;#xA0;More&amp;#xA0;Than&amp;#xA0;5%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;total&lt;br /&gt;
 Contributions&amp;#xA0;(as&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0; 31&lt;br /&gt;
 Of the Plan&amp;#x2019;s Year-End)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 2015
&amp;#xA0;2014
&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 18.2pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.5pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings and improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;12-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Office furniture and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;3-12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Future minimum payments at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;455
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
082&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
868&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
637&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
042&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total minimum payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105
597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;490
337&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less amount representing interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Present value of capital lease obligations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
747&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In millions)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;53.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  2017

  

 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022  Notes redeemed

  
  

 at any time prior to March 15
 2017

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted average assumptions used to determine the pension
 benefit obligations:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3.00%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006
860&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.09&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55
640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
154&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
700&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
300&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Supplier relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
755&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
081&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;511
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
012
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(81
602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(75
397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;855
131&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;except&amp;#xA0;per&amp;#xA0;share&amp;#xA0;data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
332
108&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82
812&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.97&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.93&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
580&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
283&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;49
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Formulas&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;433&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50
728&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of assets acquired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192
752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assumed liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42
412&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfavorable contractual agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total purchase price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022  Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022  Notes

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    






























































































































 $(3
683)
 and $4
592 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013







    





 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013



    
    

 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term



    
    


    




    



 the Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient

    
    
    

 excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7 million
 0.4 million
 and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
























































































































































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2015-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2015-01-31
  xmlns:ths=http://www.treehousefoods.com/20151231
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2015-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.treehousefoods.com/20151231




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Fair Value

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


























































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    





 workers' compensation





    


    
    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    








    
    




    



 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable


 in relation to the acquisition




 Equity Interest Issued or Issuable


 in relation to the acquisition



    
    



 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share

    



 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share

    



 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information




 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information





    



 Goodwill

    






    




    




    




    


    
    




    



 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant


 plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    


    
    


    
    








    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value


 par value $.01 per share
 90
000 shares authorized
 43
126 and 42
663 shares issued and outstanding



    
    



 Net of Tax

    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    





 restricted stock units and performance units



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    




    




    
    
    




    
    



 Interest Rate

    



 Interest Rate

    
    




    




    


    
    




    
    




    
    









 Redemption






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Period






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Period






 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption


 Redemption




 Redemption Price


 plus accrued and unpaid interest




 Redemption Price





    
    









 Cash Awards Granted

    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    




    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    




    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    




    




    




    



 Net

    



 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability

    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)






 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)

    
    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    












    










    




    




    
    


    
    










    










    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    




    








    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Settlements

    
















    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    









 Fair Value



    



 Fair Value



    



 Gain (Loss) on Derivative

    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    




    




    










    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Nonvested Awards






 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized







    




    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping











    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs









    
    



 Measurements


 Measurements




 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    




    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    




    


    
    




    


    
    










    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 operating leases







    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Impaired

    


    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    



 Deduction

    



 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    




    



 Other Adjustments






 State and Local Income Taxes

    


    

 accrued expenses



    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    



 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. Also includes Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date















    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    






    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    


    
    






    




    



 Raw Materials and Supplies

    




    


    
    




    



 Subsidiaries
 Associates

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Borrowing Capacity

    




    










    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    



 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement

    



 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement

    




    


    
    
















    


    
    




    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    
    
    



 restricted stock units
 or performance share units

    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    



 Unfavorable


 Unfavorable





    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    
    










    









 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    



 before Reclassifications

    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges

    





 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    


    


    




    
    
    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    





 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)

    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    





 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement

    




    












    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price







    
    
    


    
    



 Plant


 plant



    
    




    



 Liabilities

    


    
    


    
    
    



 less any units previously accrued

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





















 Value


 par value $.01 per share
 10
000 shares authorized





    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment






 Plant




 Plant and Equipment

    









 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 plant






 Plant




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Net




 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $582 and $1



    
    



 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    

 Ontario





    














    
    


    
    


    




    
    








    






    


















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    





 Fair Value





    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    









 Award Vesting Rights







    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    
    


    
    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    









 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    




    




    




    



 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 at December 31



    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    




    


    



 in relation to the acquisition





    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Shares

    





 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Options

    



 Value

    



 Value
 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    


















    




    




    


    




    
    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g108745g76z71.jpg

M87 O



RUC
#$Q(#8V+C$T
M-38V
2P@
C Q
B\P



M;G



#$V
M+3 R+3$S5# W.C R.C
P*S U.C

38M
#(M
3-4

#(Z
S K
#4Z
S \






14%!0T%1
M341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC645537!'
M:$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#3E51


M445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C133D-&



X
#!S






M13!I
U
U
6%(4SE0=#5(15-46&$R.$-.27=*5D$P9U5&:49.0FEQ270Y1#AQ

%A*
#5X=W=U=DM.:6IR54$W)B-X03MQ-FQ33WA&35958D]W
M.&HS






M)B-X03M:+SA!4U!&+WI4:7)V.$YE6% X07$Q5V8O4U!&+W=!
#1Q-R]!03$U


#1Q)B-X03LW+T18

&IX9CA!3D]+=2]W04YE

35C+S9T5FXO)B-X03M!3DDX6].3TMP9#5I
M.'4K6# X=C9M-F%:84MY,FLU5FA1T-#23)O465/2W!J-6$O=T-58S!R+T%*

M
V-85G1
1D1
87

F5#6C0U6&I::7)S=C=Y0D=$259B8G)3;WA6:%=O

1VMC44-Q

M)B-X03MK:6

X5F99







#=M-C%'1U
T=E!R.&IW
T%J8C%J4$I/.4-%
M)B-X03LV3S!I:'4Y23!O459R:7%.
3

M=$IL:$144W=2=TUR04EE4U5I-6(W.&UF96I%67%U.'4O:S4U)B-X03M5
$AY
M
V
V0F%3




S0W%$


45K8V1/2T$W3%5T5FU


G8X05!C9CE*3G@O
55X5C
V2G1F-3=J




%8S-DIT9C4W:B]!2U-B)B-X03MJ+W%P:7)V,%1A+WHS2]35&-F.59-






M-6$O-5)Z4W8K64\S+W=#5%

V1R
%9R5%!Y
M9SAM-F1R









M02M'369%44]P
GA64UAZ-S5E=5E%;# R-W0W:U-Q1VEK:VYJ)B-X03MT-&IY


T@O)B-X03M!0V%B1EAE5W8K56


6I55G1

M5FPK




S171T46UH
M
E9::'!F:T\V)B-X03LP=E1
5%0W3%5L:FET25DT15I5=5EQ*VUG5&M59W5O

M)B-X03M(:C!06$EL-5A(;'913'AQ
2]C33!$0W9T2F)Y9R\X04)$1E8U5WII

DY*;&MB+V=-5EE&62M94$M2)B-X03LO4#-3

M5C=B:7)S5E

M3S
%8S



M8C9*2F5%
%9J679B:C%303-X;6%/

O04AO

M0S%4


M0D@Y359D.59T9CA!9DMF.$-0-EEQ-S9R82\W-50O9U(O5$95)B-X03MR:SAU






FEN

3D)D5G1P46]&4WAJ;45B.&%D
M)B-X03LV57A65R]3.6MF-W(Q2CEY;V%'2U-20WEL9U)Z5E-G24M%1W R-SE2
M:7$S-C5Q56A!:7-#;FEB:59%1E!H2G V6')N;W@W9%(T8C1Q)B-X03ML96]8
M96]W-FA#
2]R1FYP9' Y6&QE83-8:#9O2F%.15I:2GIX64MZ9F$Y261A53
R
M5E
U.6%.
6901#5C

M;S-%




&]0*TU-
R]%;W-64D]+=7A6
M)B-X03M

UAR
U9R-E946#%R1D)*






M+T%)-E5(+T=')B-X03MB+VE55TMO;D9867%L

#)+


M4B]Y3FTO-7)W

G)'=E!V
M-4UX*UDY0T]M-F)R5C%P5$=A)B-X03M+5C))5U9'4TTQ2TU&.4HR*TMJ:7(O




Q5S$O
WEN+T%J
M*VU+=2MQ
G8K*U4O-$5F
'A6
S%7



M9'@O=T%M;7A6


FXO04YW




R]%;W-64D]+=7A63'9-=B]+



3E:5VQZ1#5B=#=M3S5V4EI)='9C4E-&-6M:


CEW;#-B=&-*8WEZ43)Y1FQU26]04E1K:C%F.3EY*TQI=FE1=DIL
M)B-X03M64V4S+TXS4G!.4DM495=9

D95=SAV.$$U:U=/<65C-]+
3$U9'0Y)B-X03M0=E=E

3
Q:&]'

FYX86%M;TPU4F%E2CE*8E9#)B-X03MK0D5J


M4F]L1$1M;V%H0E5%2&9U34-Q
S9-
#



M)B-X03MX5C)+=7A6


DMU



=DUV)B-X03LO2T]A



)B-X03LW6'IM;#-R52MH
C!U



M;5)P:V-I4FDX


M
DAI359B+W@O8F97




M=31





Y:UEC;S)+3W128F166E-P

85905G944U='27IY

G)88D-Q

S=6A-6698:W9O

6U5)B-X03MX4%ER27)*3DMO2W-O3E!I*WE#4496-'9Z43!I5R]V

G8U:&1Z+U9O0U5
9U184#%4


*U
T6#9X4W!H+V
R
&@U9T-P

M2U)S5F(Y9GI(+WEW


TEH86EP
M2%1&5FUQ83%Q


'57051'*S!A045-5VIU9%-A
FQ49W)-=VMI;G0T

# V-VMG14U.



C=E
M.79
2U
T
4-1
GIY
WI83G=S-U-75511=U-C-#5%26159&A6859R=FER2C1)

*VAV



M=6)Y-%IM;&Y.





M:78U4&9L-'-D
T5U;5-#1RM14EA5479


M56I!

W4S=C15:W5

M4&E2
$=W6C!N045V<5A&





M)B-X03LX='9)
7AR.7)R


Y3F0K3F1S5EI4:7%8
M95IF.$%L2$Y6+W=#64\T+S5.3FER=DUV+T%#:FUQ+SA!34AC9CAM;7A6
VQR



M5G)8

DY2)B-X03MG5D
R4#5E*U1R0S$Q
M1S%S+TM.

M4E9!1D%!04%!)B-X03M!0FEQ8R]P5RLO-G
Q-2]W9&XO

S+U9M
M=E K1'
O=T1S;WA6

')F9CE783@O=T-$


S+U9M=E K
M1'

S96=G8X07%Z6&XO0C)F

T=D
M:E%6





M+V5L96UE;G1S+S$N


M( @( @/]R9&8Z06QT/@H@( @( @( \+V1C.G1I=&QE/@H@( @( @

M( @( @(#QR9&8Z;&D^=F-T:&]R86D\+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @( @




&%P+S$N,]S5'EP92]$:6UE;G-I;VYS



&UP
M1STB:'1T<#HO+VYS+F%D;V)E+F-O;2]X87 O,2XP+V<O(CX*( @( @( @

^










#$N

M;W-I=&4^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$9N=#IF;VYT1FEL94YA;64^


M3F%M93X*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T1FYT.F9O;G1&86UI;'D^07)I
M86P@350\+W-T1FYT.F9O;G1&86UI;'D^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS



M
2XP
#







M.F=R;W5P5'EP93XP/]X;7!'.F=R;W5P5'EP93X*( @( @( @( @( @


M;2\BB @( @( @( @('AM;&YS.G-T4F5F/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N


$8Q1#%%-3$Q.3%&
&UP
M+FEI9#HV0CDX1$%!
$8Q1#%%-3$Q.3%&


U-$4Q




M03DX1$%!
$8Q1#%%-3$Q.3%&

48Q
S

M;G1)1#X*( @( @( @( @/'-T4F5F.F]R:6=I;F%L1&]C=6UE;G1)1#YX

U-$4Q




U-$4Q


M179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QS=$5V=#IC



M=&%N8V5)1#YX;7 N:6ED.C9.3A$04$P1C%$,44U,3$Y,48S04(Q1C$S,S!




M=#IC:&%N9V5D/@H@( @( @( @( @( \+W)D9CIL:3X*( @( @( @









# Q+C P








M.D9O;G1+:6YD/@H@( @( @( @( @( @( \17AT96YS:7-&;VYT4V5N




S8P

M.D9O;G1396YS95\Q+C)?0VAE8VMS=6T^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#Q%

V
#




M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H\/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W(C\^_]L 0P ! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$!_]L 0P$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!_\  $0@!?0)? P$1
M  (1 0,1 ?_$ !\  0  P$!  


M(59WE+6WT]@B-3=7(R0Q0;@R

M 0$!                 0(#!/_$ #@1 0 ! @
%! H#  
  P$!   ! A$A
M

W*R0I+Q@I/2PF/_V@ 
 P$  A$#$0 _

WF+;(P
M;


MJ06_5H;=6O*.A\CAPM^@OKSU(+?JT-NK7E'0^1PX6_07UYZD%OU:&W5KRCH?










MY'#A;]!?7GJ06_5H;=6O*.A\CAPM^@OKSU(+?JT-NK7E'0^1PX6_07UYZD%O
I!;]6AMU:\HZ'R.'



M_?J_M5YRV749*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0
M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0






MQ113!LW:F(B)BJ9F+S
3$6O$3&%IOAVQFL))7%F@N+90?[)6HPGA:C6%I0C^


9#-.H9E*+86
M@Y&E5CJ+MDYLN

:KA4&
/(C.9!%Z


G
UGJBBO4HC6:$F/9=3%ELJ+B(8!N1%1DY:*!&%=O*2H

MD13
[XO.48WGNM$Z;[(]U%W)V!V3XCF]$1JBM-36?6,JQVDPHS#8@A1TKK

M:KSOPMA;+]G6

AE
MT)34DQ[OF=41V748J-K)P5?.L5+;D8.3$D33TL%?+'AAAQS8F*8M$WO--[QN

TLI#T


M2









M31%$BG(1VY]3*8F)/XIP
0
44Q5



23%


-=K?'=
M&

V.YHGAQ#Z2H%G4
MUC#L)/AL'2UTPVV!5(0 J*78G#&


?+C*II(H
5
MS2C8ZCGX/



YL2D]0=3
%YS.%D'GHU4 *:UQB)C
34<FIXFQ+@ E0!1!LL


M=GG2AM*6TP@W33C3RCO4B 2H&(EEFC*UXF;^S

+=FZ4FR=QLR^)



+ ;$B *TM2^
M:O
18^A
T$U.)?OB4@+



M@4@4@4@4@4@4'/E\)Z\T=+?VGP?^8:51T]%_)3X_YE=_@V^:QT/]6^

MW-E=FXB@;8N5 9LV&UAC)T
]&C:2Y

M\2U'\[[ ZFMXVP+0]+DJQKFTAT-=4E948JC)K;25TVQ6D=?C;:KX2DYVFT
B





)U$7;(45N

+6X3'-:M]\+2(
1+OCBV;=J6ELV_Y<DQ;Q9<Q1].




MZ@)=FE

WRO



P956WA



MY5W^61U%'8R245VJ4=Q9(&4A!%G'&PQ)&+)8BN8MA&$3$3COO??;?.Y([5X8
-[TDN:%;-RQZ1I_3WHGN5H*-@F^&+=DHP3W4
T(

&\@C.!-J;Q-HPB(RPPRZ][Z]BN$9!L[2PA2NW7V]H..A1





M:@C^3R;GBI8XW.Y&RO*7N(FT3&MK^$W492.IJ(CP_N;I<S(6+7W/D@C(K




M[Q?&Z!V9P%8(9J
I-H*?IQ56\)!VUVO0-HD'IYU(CO;5*'(/9067
WXH1W


GG




992DU;
M$404504DL
;(\1(JXR.K!)9LT $ ?$2U' H(+D2

M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4'/E\)Z\T=+?VGP?\ F&E4=/1?R4^/^97?X-OFL=#_ %;X]_#KT9K]
M^K^U7G+9=1DH% H% H%!Q:ZM./7:+N+ML&547LTII)3::V72C.T[
D25(2V1
MUJ#&RV[?
OI

]%)F%-*

TXXTUJ9&BX*D &(:%


89!SC=;T3JWUAEGLQ1#G&ZWHG5OK#+/


4#G&ZWHG5OK#


4#G&ZWHG5O


4#G&ZWHG


4#G&ZW


4#G&


4#




M[


M99[


M]899[


MZM]899[


M]$ZM]899[


MW6]$ZM]899[

R282;$I-V$1VO
$A+T=7/L!?

M6N9H+DL8 %+*9 0-?4BZG@.!EFME+D2UF?*(Z01%YU?0W($@MG66;-&%XF

.YI
/=_)&+X87% S[G'D+

@0(
ME0PBQ



KO\&WS6.A_JWQ[^'7HS7[]7]JO.6RZC

MJ.GHOY*?'_
KO\&WS6.A_JWQ[^'7HS7[]7]JO.6RZC)0*!0*!0*!0*!0*LF
MN7\_VA]9MS_EK%-%G*.[[RLW1@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@
M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@K%/?]5=)?6==?\

MRCN^\K-T0H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%

MH% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%
MH% H% H% H*Q3W_5727UG77_ 

MN:+&4]WWA9VB% H% H% H.?+X3UYHZ6_

E H% H% H



M'_F&E4=/1?R4^/\ F5W^#;YK'0_U;X]_#KT9K]^K^U7G+9=1DH% H% H%!QB




!+04YO'AQ1.=MPDD&0


M7K4Z.QM YU


MM3H[&T#G4P^@XUZU.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

M.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

M.QM YU


M&T#G4P^@XUZU.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

M0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

MYU


M4P^@XUZU.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

M#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

/


MXUZU.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU

M7K4Z.QM YU


MM3H[&T#G4P^@XUZU.CL;0.=3#Z#C7K4Z.QM YU


MERXV%C&8!8W]WWA=ZB% H% H% H.?+X3UYHZ6_M/@_\ 


E H% H% H('+ZO:Z%9%DV6@H3C6\BS.
MT23E9U#M)(-'G^SR7AK&ZY@C188DIDU

M /Y!!7.HZCSE.-7##N.6$OACR!Z&.N^O^$890EC!D.XPQGE?/.(L8R95HPRS
]YOK?'BD]%1$9MHZ6WF



MC*!((/#/
R%;(L1
^5\HOWS@A




S&.  E1Q0RQ%[;K[YPCBQH9-




MI?$Z\742( K[I.]Y(D\

M^#;YK'0_U;X]_#KT9K]^K^U7G+9=1DH% H% H% H% H%!637+^?[0^LVY_RU
MBFBSE'=]Y6;HA0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*





MA7

&Q#&D/M]1.9**DCQHR&VR2HHY9


MUG77_P 
MN:+&4]WWA9VB% H% H% H.?+X3UYHZ6_M/@_P#


E H% H% H% H% H*R:Y?S_:'UFW/




T7NNN!K&5]O/Y5
J

-



M6OQ_=W8M9#_$9X/



/\ ';B
=/%RZBM@








M(U\6PA1 0E+(N%;'+$L;56%-


M-!BBS7M$JP7-FU*F';.^(HU]78L=CB<B(KE!+#&$O*<I@2%
 04
0Y'5\LA
M0!#5JIQJVZN

M8+SLVBZ.@EF_DY






(CAACWK(EH^


3$[H]
MK'A-I9='[:X$&RN00




:8M-O+&.*5:!0*!0*!0<^7PGKS1TM_:?!_
MYAI5'3T7\E/C_F5W^#;YK'0_U;X]_#KT9K]^K^U7G+9=1DH% H% H%!\N!XB
M*=

SF2-X Y9

M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@Q]TNQK,9 4W6]7(A-%KHI;(XL.-S*Q!0T
MHIAR6R

M^DMD^T
U9'1216:W&\@!\CP

M




=#



%!

;$)HCYXX Y&K3G


A'A((A/8?9'8-^K '=6
A$)0V=V=




3A/&

M]*

C8B?[V$Q$MGC?






YMRW!Q^FUB^JJG*::NZJ):8]R/A3I=9VFU]5-<82

M(KX(11R2X;I]#.S-YM


6F8TF8X+
M!40H% H% H.?+X3UYHZ6_M/@_P#

M?OU?VJ\Y;+J


Y#R/E7[^_O2



MH[*JNF*M#?-




M@&(C(28D*9@8;-11:=[^8Q'L8%


!W;1AMQ


M=3'2.
]#PI
/U%C7VKNCW
4PUGA'4QTCC/0\*3#]18U]J[H]S%
-9X1U
=(X
$=3'2.
]#PI
/U%C7
MVKNCW
4PUGA'4QTCC/0\*3#]18U]J[H]S%
-9X1U
$=3'2.
]#PI
/U%C7VKNCW
4PUGA'4QTC
MC/0\*3#]18U]J[H]S%
-9X1U


]#PI
/U%C7VKNCW
4PUGA'4QTCC/0\*3#]18U]J[H]
MS%
-9X1U
$=3'2
M.
]#PI
/U%C7VKNCW

M5J1(:W.TC-MT/(%P#M]

(P
MPUGA'58BK?$1?&\S

!+$%22V8SN@PJGO%\L#$LFZJ0TZ7



M.JQ%4Y1?QGHJ2C[E[Z;,%3Q?472I'CMK&,.1V4W0=3YC2.E(#+#(0)5:4!
M!
!O[&/

EF'*A1


4#Y;][+%P(.'+?N<+<M
-9X1U



CARX@'P;O;:6]S7-*;+?\ J<P&GMCL*\$^.6457Y+!

K0T0H% H% H.?
M+X3UYHZ6_M/@_P#







M

YF1$Y
M:9YBY+0=QPCJL*FQB+WLT$.99D@IN??Q2W]'3_\ Z5:S?9COB^//OAN\TIX;

$1


5K7%IG=EGV*@X;<2]-[ =JSIMK2\W X4=ZH310W#MREOS4Z,7C*I-?

MF9JCP=\(Z] H2@=::JK6)DE5^[)RZZ5U


Y91

OW]W]W-OV*
M;3C
YVPYQC$;\)O


Q+8
M96!#$

[F6$

M=+?VGP?^8:51T]%_)3X_YE=_@V^:QT/]6^/?PZ]&:_?J_M5YRV749*!0*!0*

MMG$#'9)H1;LHJP'*&


3;U2'


FA#Y7P
%

MY[(F+6O%\==\7;!E2(]N)95)R;DK3ZV(CAUTV%;\/%=54)9;L^-=$)/!.5R;






M9%+N+ @6$4QBI H33@BI
N)F_G:
(X(

\7L
M!?D


&X[## /#$
/'' /


XSP
MCLEG4;\


1E@

SXS*OIKX/QP?SI\RIFM
V

6?<8!XAX\O<XX6QM;&C7K:\M
MKE'1N2M;DM:UO]+?1;__ )1S*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!05BGO\

MX_YE=_@V^:QT/]6^/?PZ]&:_?J_M5YRV749*!0*!0*!0*!0*!05DUR_G^T/K

I


MII#I)*S_ $8Y_ 1GO:@4]J- M@#%^Y)KJ
D/) 6MB7\EWMW1JUF_)!//%\0
M\2[B!N8Q%#+LQ'O51'9'M3T^J\:'D8;8SS_F]RMX7J3;IS_$-0'I F'=8XUP
M$_PS,OR]FK.K9-[$!RW*:&3)#C

7C='C.
\/=\+3WI[
M9/#VTICF
)!A]D:VQDW6/++77F;*6!%(&N[9(;CG)C$%\B^I('-#20[!50H8

P



MLC$CPPRRQ0+((0T;QPR[NPV;Y3$]DX3SPYKIPCLIKYLHW+NV )IC*8F^'@'D

*FU7)X=^&*I]QA?.9CLCJSP:&MH7%)2VXW3MX.@14L

MRVBL.Q/C';)] =NPP6\IO4I+KU/2

M9)6&DUC[4 )I(0J8R1VWDT$E1.JZFFHI4^KJ!@P+SV1W1US;AN(6:ZEM]M
9#:1G:XLY4H1 Q7G(G)A=:6+!$D\@4#\(G3/<%B10W




0ZS'TJ0?!K



9^SWY[M

MHA)4!B)J0F6$[CE 4SF%\!J%XC*+]LY^$1-H\;K?Z]ZD:V:J(YY&U^AQEQMX




MOW.Z







+#E[
MK((RZ%9+%^FU\;6RSRRS_@QM?+DM0B)G*)GN4C$XM&J+E$S)Z_)NP.WZIA

MCOF+\
^$

MJHQY^I(BZ0LXB:JY2MW$KG1G[^Y/3-%J(B+7IQO
1/?_ .]F&YW3P]H]/DHL


'EI6
]T:4CYHSGF+D9O?-B



IY$69K W5(L)CF *U=56)D0C(T&!C@&&$;E/XUG%





2S[G$;SZ7
M%5-B)+3E=41D?NV PF*E$U!32TDN5'/%PHO5-HRC*+81^?&5H


0DA2.A99J;J44


'1^?#I^+2RJ S'+)
GQN
MILB.8_;CE5E=D Y*IH^NG$<@@.0ZD!DWGD1E4X,,<YTW/H%A;<EQS65=&


M4Z458%X&7D149?9\#)D4


2N9$UWCUUYSDHDU26@9-)GY;)/HVFNG-[)6*VG2B

DCNW+%P(J87+%TQ&4P9A+*%,B1/O!+SA%\(RW,LA75:,8*=TR.-DMU
MH)5*3Z:3S16HWV



M'U(?


N&9I,
M2/K/J1K*R60M*!Q=5@.*FYX<V8FTH;.9X9XAL^5M:XP6Y3;^&&..-P$YV3.]
MRA3/'#N[9Y!8&!-5




M!K_H+JWK@X3
@


M0R&WSR(VP^6V!1%+ X!AX$FJ9POAI&$<(P\<URJ(4@4@4@4@4@4@4



DF-&^FLQ[.I-04QK6+ 
EK@D[AGS!A)$512Q:9HP_XSAVQ
M-=KX8WF(W8O 



MZ3_@P

=
1R!OHJH%G*IW
1XEI+
M2\(@*5SK@01K&S1DX6.&Q#!8B)]+&$3?.




MMV%HL?\ K4THTA9O*XB;F5$AL?7YL
^0V^XVY@G9%&VZC;]6%@B3/'0\QC(X


_1SI[?XPQ?

UL[7M;/QH:T=H. =^6]N3


=.'


M.]L

VXS:W#OLJJ5





_P!J

MC'^)._TXXE\

M

M9



V]J
[=[_4WBUA
MEX/9R;'L-:WQA%;%2




F






F?VW2.OX'9JEJ?BY27J^'G!XPR9


F?VW2.OX'9






F?VW2.OX'9JEJ?BY27J^'G!XPR9_;=(Z_@=F


F?VW2.OX'9JEJ?BY27J


F?






F?VW2.OX'9JEJ?BY27J^'G!XPR9_

M1(()+'95W!GSH#6A

MF(W3?PLU3


A&


M3

MA^ZL)#.
5

Y42UIK(Y%%:HR*

M





M&&!&0WC'48\+F7/%#!?+
'
17-[^S/?33TXVQ\7-EH1\%SFAM[EN]5VX7T


MN:+&4]
MWWA9VB% H% H% H.?+X3UYHZ6_M/@_\ 



M*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0

M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@

MN7\_VA]9MS_EK%-%G*.[[RLW1@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@


U^_5_:KSELNHR4@4@4@4'\@AP!^^=Y&&[R+F -WH3 3

MM5YRV749*!0*!0*!01Y+IFQ*)Y/.9/7&-
6[UR R

)[&$3;7R%&.W.
MR4C1E-J
Z]4'1

;

1OM.$1;6TZ3OM-M[7!=?[YDCAU0NO/UU+[\.)KGG5E-=\NE6-KS@

VU

M8C%




O0TG#K_J

03




M%U$$0.Y7E[[8.UA;V[B]KT&7_'?


O0TG#K










J&$1.4%(
+$Z=(H

&
M29BBY+O

MR:0$(RJDBPX990
(J0

M1YM*8JVW#A\@5.&D!9'1E9N#JR(8

*;S$6QC+&J



MX+3; H




]H
M0T+94ORB^67&C2^#_P E;0QLII


9VB)GUE
97PF^'=AI'?IT_::.U\O[4#51




M%CI.ZY1P@37*F.]4P:]QV@Z[MH38Q2A6]3D1(7BX[=V7R:0E-J9$%LMW)I


9MLQC.%]K2G*8\K7F;Y)LD! CC8E:W


][WHXLYH% H%!1[B-LV27KIM.Y&,IL=$#J/&T@.ER.QD(R


VO:(G*-V

ES!N(CUE

M/=;I$%0B3CP.$DZ[^Q5#9

<<(_=[=%PH&;(;$T;BAOR@_$Y
M[NFZB_UH,BERC:;L7MIROQPN%FPGE+.2FLCOLU$344T=CG5H=54

GI
MYPTCD4TP*9JM?#+-+VWVW7SLV-T9*!0*(IU83]D^+G*PXUF!=@9U.3P21P




M&UX^
F

K

Q3G5[


+4FKQM!3U2-

1ISM%YSA8S5!3?\R1_P98G:S[4D





-37/ZDTV9%L

M)64TYK(YH03:;S$1_P :;88SG
VPV;S&[6W=Z^AS7 )XX@FH6OVSSIC9JO





M%643;*9O%MGPPW1:=)O
O




M\OA/7FCI;^T^#_S#2J.GHOY*?'_

U^_5_:KSELNH

MI


GD8BE)A-*-C*.9A/*IQ N4$!!*%


V4#X9@44
X9P%%YB;Q
WUOBDA7B6*W C
M9N+T:

M'^%)


DZ[0@_F-$F*

AQ-:. 4-/*)*.58R JHAI*:I--22!%*)DD
H1* IA(JGX V)EP@

K7
M+%5493

7$P&TO
8^[7*Y5%XK;E

4F$
MS$.188AM!Q0







%4)I


, D\!39C+(8?,03*^5Q,S.,S,SVXI$HA0*
M!0*K[ITBTQ?#.84=O34C65WL*@5LM&#'<\$1<O-.[F-%CSC 8C;56L:1
MFBOG21

M#S-9+[;Q!HO%D-J.FHC
ER-1
!62Y%L*S/()0#;--X )QN&W@7-
\&B9+JP*
M*6$%4SN8PO
YS






L)M.IZ


MB#6K7?7P9U&((@F((9'?*@&JO

I


M6C)U.3PE93#*%PL#QJPHO.&.679W

)H3A5



MJ\Y;+J
E H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%
MH% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%!SY?

@NAOMF(D!L+2@6;D8G&$GNQ85Q'4\6:1)E2I^2VD4+8@

M5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+
M=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%H
MUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDP
MU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70
MCW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT
M/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:
M%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5Z
MDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=
M70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUC
MGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[
M]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW
M5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+
M=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%H
MUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDP
MU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70
MCW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT
M/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:
M%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5Z
MDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=
M70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUC
MGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[
M]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW
M5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+=70CW5ZDPU[]:%HUCGT/+




LP+XY7

M2990NCJ2JT%=8(D52Q Z3.W3S(X1NQ0V6
&_:[=/!/:?Q#-1U-39J27DM<
M 
DI
M/B%Q$F?(EHUEASL(9B2F
EW*1!L/9?C
+



M-%]X-= 0)9815Q@9(AE]Q@INYH *8Q


AG'&*&9E0L5


8TT&&N$G:CH2^K-\RH)R


CPB
^R+\XC[H

-U-AV-T? NN-=X



=TJA[9\;KAZ:R0
MLL2PW]EH'V$6DU?9R

V7 M&PB37;HZNYSQLV

M**-#T&Q/-
GRE+!AV1$?D.'R+0%E9+C\XQ

M+7G?OF(B

M[Z:GF94!AHM*W.GP
ZV.Q+B%F-)!AC%7I)S%;TE1FU5&5P6?G%:6O2.RW2AJ


.R8O?MMOPT

GW
M-D0:RRLK
0)K28_4**\=K4PAE%24_97;L=!

M+$



M6COFW?OPPQ2




MA
R

MBOX:O^L]&L=0^$GZ IV]&.J CG*FH@YB70A-P2#@33L
@2F.;Y/ .1DN&($-
M&H9;
(B/

M3;%RRYT%MKYMH/
O)3/4F634DOOZV&*J#HRBLHY0JL'RS3:]LHM&.LQ
VWZ9
MI49W$0UU?TG91:T\I'6U
BW&DY'

MQ6T=9LXU!)P8X*LJ$&:

M8!FLY7''[5C(,2+%X,Y,BQ*)!=6&65BTY;+-MN$T90VNXEYS)9MP)2W'(D






QH;QCN460T


M7B] UV2W DM:S3CUI


3'6

M[%\TMAIXJ4:5WJ

A.]AX8=UW..
M-K&5
:#[QNF)Z<K
MO!E/$M9SYEB;1VXVF\QG%MW[X7B8


$CXKM8JA81F1/MX;NI! ?:\12%Q-&UV:7
MQT[
O.VY:78OAV

D#ES

M+9LX4V=

-F9-%7/O)W*

M=;$TKZ%KV=!-V;:=
S.7VXO$XZEH(')*E*.Y&3)?1AT527B3''9 BV;
T7:S







YF

M-!GMU
/()!J*ZV[U!4.+AYP+#K-&@BI4$QX?OY6(H% H% H
!4HJBY9/&E17





M
TGE'/O8M&F,
M(6WXH$AY3A*
(-D.*E6(AW*. MQ@LMZ+6ZI)P&+V2WJD*J4W#EWF?4$=047
3#:SP<
M4=Q79W(C+C1;AH@W
D#@58I([;9**ON80TW5MQ+JBX3 BJV,1;&+6W1&[QW
M]K#(FX;LLE99E,E(,M)NNJ?LUI[-C3928T&N.MR\K:DZPZJM5ENT9V@.$XL
M1PD#31V8SL91Y&5SRXG,E%#0U= 2EE6/.,7BT88VF-^^965VDX:,;2/Y*E






5N

15;&(
AA(+8$0W$KHJ::-II-:4BP()A:N
MFY@)QE5R.'!!+*& 4TH92)0*!0*!0?
=)$U(F;3E$H6/IY\L.2/$3H 1HF=
M)F@LP#10V5'P$ 



-..52V22X4UM

M



W
V^*LOJ2B)U;=W



PSJWE
A6-1$ME!

M#AU


-*H





8B:?:PG'+VNW++'\+6)4.;]EVI)B:K[OP^IN]QCMT2,724TK
M\%IL9@D5P8ZY0%9L9;)J'Q@V<*%FAD13*XV\T P#=8_]+9BW(XB]-X]F;;_
M &L_&V'!:Z
^A#XF

1K !&9[
(:36EH#/
L.#9M6=S[#CYE)?$4?FSL
M31H?AEO%7

ML'[W-7BT88VF.S&9W6TG54]BHW%&P@QT=TX-M
UD9%U3PV
2G6U9QP=I=T!R

#;19R7\WV[F%@GFI=;-G20/!8F9M:;6O[.&$[IO,3;#
M&V7@]/8=M29%6R&Z#V-PR_)$PV@BN!&K$M-#6L3;M%:C:CU-64:4==WW%Y!

0

M62FE&!!/1HW\
J[E+



N.%L;V=75'
H% H% H% H% H% H%
M H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H% H%






A






M-8Y]#RMY$Z!.ZGW+5K]TMT:QSZ'E;R)T=U/N6K7[I:%HUCGT/*WD3H$[J?
1.@3NI]RU:_=+0M&L<^AY
M6\B= G=3[EJU^Z6A:-8Y]#RMY$Z!.ZGW+5K]TMT:QSZ'E;R)T=U/N6K7[I





MEJU^Z6A:-8Y]#RMY$Z!.ZGW+5K]TMT:QSZ'E;R)T=U/N6K7[I:%HUCGT/*







MM6OW2T+1K'/H_739
?PBIMK(3[BQ[P^'

R\W;FTB.MNN

M(!A/!](!+$XZ(\= )0MBX1S=RA0$T8 +V

MX/\ S#2J.GHOY*?'_



8M_%F7!

_
M0AC#VPNOL91/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE
_0AC#VPNOL90]1

_0AC

M^3YXE

MZ^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

M4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MT(8P]L+K[&4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE
_0AC#VPNOL90]1

_0AC

M^3YXE

MZ^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

M4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MT(8P]L+K[&4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE
_0AC#VPNOL90]1

_0AC

M^3YXE

MZ^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

M4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MT(8P]L+K[&4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE
_0AC#VPNOL90]1

_0AC

M^3YXE

MZ^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

M4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^3YXE

MT(8P]L+K[&4/4?/]/Y/GB4S]&,/;Z^QE#U'S_3^5$.)#\(KDGB+ZKNK5QR
MZQ

$IT.1F.

4GE;N;FJ/1;-45;5[7PM;.+:R_]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015































  2015




































 INC.





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



395
247











392
330
998







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











919


981





388


148



Receivables
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $582 and $1
333

198


656



Inventories
 net

115


098





583


989





203


872



Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

528


778





649
794


667
985



Intangible assets
 net

655


298



Other assets
 net

616


389





702
796


858
322












580


860





893


994





473


854





221
741


437
749





108


890





615


572





847
937


099
065

















Preferred stock
 par value $.01 per share
 10
000 shares authorized
 none issued






Common stock
 par value $.01 per share
 90
000 shares authorized
 43
126 and 42
663 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively








207
167


177
342





729


819





468)


331)





854
859


759
257





702
796


858
322







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Value of all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by shareholders
 which is net of related treasury stock. May be all or a portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the preferred shareholders.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)
























































Investments which are intended to be sold in the short term (usually less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Receivables
 allowance for doubtful accounts



333



Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

125
563


663
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

125
563


663
000







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013




206
405


946
102


293
927





562
102


339
498


818
378





303


604


549














503


602


998





649


793


065





598


634


375



Other operating expense
 net

817


421


947





567


450


385





736


154


164














474


036


304





967)




185)





052


389


890







019





Other (income) expense
 net



130


245





472


584


254





264


570


910





354


690


922





910


880


988























052


348


418





709


238


396







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.













































































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.




























The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013





255


441


362


852


917


882


759


322


910


880


988
















































186)


637)


682)
























931)


451
















































137)


568)


123)






















773


312


865















 $(3
683)
 and $4
592 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013













Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Pension and post-retirement reclassification adjustment
 tax



683)


592



Derivative reclassification adjustment
 tax












Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount of tax (expense) benefit
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands







Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

179
255




582


951


640)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012



197











988






988







123)








123)





865













863




860







Equity awards exercised
 shares














135




135







Balance at Dec. 31
 2013

273
118




577


939


763)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2013



493











880






880







568)








568)





312













800




750







Shares issued
 shares



950











948




936







Equity awards exercised
 shares



220











079




079







Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

759
257




177
342


819


331)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014



663











910






910







137)








137)





773













952




948







Equity awards exercised
 shares














877




877







Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

854
859




207
167


729


468)



Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015



126













This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.























































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













910


880


988














469


281


267





598


634


375





877


067


118





329)


593)


372)







019









051











240)







323


118





006)


101


894)





052


389


890





020




531





554)


546


153



Changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions:










531


563)


270)







187)


387)





948


910)


656



Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities

268)


357)


694





318


957


690












Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

734)


575)


780)





362)


643)


403)



Acquisitions
 less cash acquired



009)


652)







842











140)














321)


089
906)


850)














200


400


250





200)


400)


250)







000







500)


000)









000









000)











000)





762)


195)


945)







712)









693)









364







834


832


291





329


593


372














556)


189


718





503)


734)


490)





062)


506


932)



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

981


475


407



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

919


981


475







The net cash inflow (outflow) associated with the tax withholding payments on behalf of employees upon the net settlement of their restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 or performance share units
 and the cash proceeds received from the exercise of stock options.
























































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.










































































































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the total amount due within one year (or one operating cycle) from all parties
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow for incremental
 external costs directly pertaining to an early extinguishment of debt
 including legal costs and prepayment penalties
 and excluding interest and repayment of debt principal.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.



















































































































The cash inflow associated with the sale
 maturity and collection of all investments such as debt
 security and so forth during the period.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.

























































The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of open derivatives
 commodity
 or energy contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.




























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of investments
 not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
 POLICIES



 &#x2014; The Consolidated Financial
 Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its
 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (the
 &#x201C;Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;TreeHouse
&#x201D; &#x201C;we
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;us
&#x201D; or &#x201C;our&#x201D;). All intercompany balances
 and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2014
 as a
 result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new
 product category for Snacks. This change did not require prior
 period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information.

 &#x2014; The preparation of our Consolidated
 Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.

 &#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 $24.4
 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.

 &#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method
 and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average
 costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued
 using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories
 include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.


 plant
 and equipment
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Buildings and improvements

 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 




 Office furniture and equipment

 
 



 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.

 &#x2014; Identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful
 lives as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Customer relationships

 
 




 Trademarks

 
 




 Non-competition agreements

 






 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements

 






 Formulas/recipes

 
 




 Computer software

 
 



 &#xA0;

 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.

 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.

 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of
 December&#xA0;31) at the reporting unit level using market and
 income approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding
 growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit.
 The market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing
 revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and
 amortization (&#x201C;EBITDA&#x201D;) and applies a range of
 multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value.
 In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the
 multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent
 publically available information. Our estimates under the income
 approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. In
 determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the
 Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with
 each approach given equal weighting. The resulting value is then
 compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If the book
 value of the reporting unit exceeds the indicated fair value
 goodwill is then considered under the second step of the impairment
 test. In the second step
 goodwill impairment is measured as the
 difference between the implied value of goodwill and its carrying
 value. The implied value of goodwill is determined based on a
 hypothetical analysis that calculates the fair value of goodwill as
 if the related reporting unit were being acquired in a business
 combination.

 &#x2014; We measure compensation
 expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The
 resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period.
 See Note 14.

 &#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.

 &#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.

 &#x2014; The provision for income taxes includes
 federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
 financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities.
 Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the
 difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.

 &#x2014; The
 functional currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 &#x2014; Our shipping and handling
 costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $87.2 million
 $80.0 million
 and $55.3 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

 &#x2014; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate
 and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward
 purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign
 currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue
 financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The
 Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
 not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair
 value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
 designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain
 or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged
 transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is
 recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.

 &#x2014; Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 generally payable in monthly installments of principal and
 interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 financed.

 &#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.

 &#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.

 &#x2014; We record research
 and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report
 them in the General and administrative expense line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $14.3
 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

 &#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as
 incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution expense line
 of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING
 PRONOUNCEMENTS



 

 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-17

 Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes
 which simplifies the
 presentation of deferred income taxes in a classified statement of
 financial position by requiring that all deferred income tax assets
 and liabilities be classified as noncurrent. Although the ASU is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2016
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively
 adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which
 resulted in the reclassification of deferred income tax assets in
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The
 adoption of the ASU had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of
 Income. See Note 10 for additional details.

 In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-15

 Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements
 which clarifies
 the Securities and Exchange Commission&#x2019;s (&#x201C;SEC&#x201D;)
 position on the presentation and measurement of debt issuance costs
 incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The ASU
 clarifies that the SEC will not object to an entity deferring and
 presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently
 amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term
 of the line-of-credit arrangement. This ASU is effective upon
 issuance and did not change how the Company historically reported
 its deferred issuance costs incurred in connection with its line of
 credit.

 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-07

 for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value
 per Share (or Its Equivalent)
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient discussed in ASC 820-10-35. The ASU also limits
 required disclosures to investments for which an entity has elected
 to measure fair value using the practical expedient. Under current
 guidance
 certain disclosures are required for all investments
 eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per
 share practical expedient. Although the ASU is effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015
 earlier application
 is permitted. The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU for the
 fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which resulted in the removal of
 disclosures with regard to the categorization within the fair value
 hierarchy for certain investments measured using the practical
 expedient for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had
 no impact on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated
 Statements of Income. See Note 16 for additional details.

 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-03

 &#x2014; Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the
 Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which changes the
 presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet. Under the
 ASU
 an entity will present debt issuance costs as a direct
 deduction of the related debt liability with the amortization of
 the debt issuance costs reported as interest expense. Under current
 guidance
 debt issuance costs are reported separately as an asset
 with the amortization recorded as interest expense. Although the
 ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015
 earlier application is permitted. The Company retrospectively
 adopted this ASU for the fiscal 2015 reporting period
 which
 resulted in the reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not
 associated with line-of-credit arrangements in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU
 had no impact on the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 11
 for additional details.

 

 In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-16

 Adjustments

 provisional amounts. This ASU requires that an acquirer recognize
 adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the
 measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment
 amounts are determined. The ASU also requires acquirers to present
 separately on the face of the income statement
 or disclose in the
 notes
 the portion of the amount recorded in current-period
 earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
 reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had
 been recognized as of the acquisition date. This ASU is effective
 for fiscal periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015. The
 Company will apply this guidance prospectively
 beginning
 January&#xA0;1
 2016.

 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2015-11

 the Measurement of Inventory

 measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 (&#x201C;NRV&#x201D;). This ASU will not apply to inventory valued
 under the last-in-first-out method. Under current guidance
 an
 entity is required to measure inventory at the lower of cost or
 market
 with market defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a
 normal profit margin. The three market measurements added
 complexity and reduced comparability in the valuation of inventory.
 FASB issued this ASU as part of its simplification initiative to
 address these issues. The ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and
 interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating
 the impact of the standard.

 In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-15

 of Uncertainties about an Entity&#x2019;s Ability to Continue as a
 Going Concern
 providing additional guidance surrounding the
 disclosure of going concern uncertainties in the financial
 statements and implementing requirements for management to perform
 interim and annual assessments of an entity&#x2019;s ability to
 continue as a going concern within one year of the date the
 financial statements are issued. The ASU is effective for fiscal
 years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2016. The Company does not anticipate the
 adoption of the ASU will result in additional disclosures
 however
 management will begin performing the periodic assessments required
 by the ASU on its effective date.

 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-09

 Contracts with Customers
 which introduced a new framework to
 be used when recognizing revenue in an attempt to reduce complexity
 and increase comparability of revenue recognition practices across
 entities
 industries
 jurisdictions
 and capital markets. The ASU
 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those
 years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017. The standard
 requires that entities apply the effects of these changes to all
 prior years presented
 upon adoption
 using either the full
 retrospective method
 which presents the impact of the change
 separately in each prior year presented
 or the modified
 retrospective method
 which includes the cumulative changes to all
 prior years presented in beginning retained earnings in the year of
 initial adoption. The Company has not yet determined which of the
 two adoption methods to elect. The Company is currently assessing
 the impact that this standard will have upon adoption.
 






The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 




 California
 2015
 the Company announced the planned closing of the City of
 Industry
 California facility after reviewing the operation and
 identifying an opportunity to lower production costs. Production at
 the facility
 which primarily relates to liquid non-dairy creamer
 and refrigerated salad dressings in the Food Away From Home
 segment
 is expected to cease in the first quarter of 2016
 with
 full closure of the facility expected in the third quarter of 2016.
 Production will be moved to other Company-owned manufacturing
 facilities
 as well as to third-party co-manufacturers. Total costs
 to close the City of Industry facility are expected to be
 approximately $10.9 million as detailed below
 of which
 approximately $7.2 million is expected to be in cash. Expenses
 associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in
 the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income
 with the exception of asset-related costs
 which are recorded in Cost of sales.

 &#xA0;

 Below is a summary of the plant closing costs:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2015
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Costs
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Asset-related

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee-related

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other closure costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company has accrued $0.4 million
 of severance and $0.8 million with respect to a partial withdrawal
 liability from a multiemployer pension plan. No payments have been
 made with respect to these accruals.

 &#x2014; In August of 2012
 following a
 strategic review of the soup category
 the Company announced a
 restructuring plan that included reductions to the cost structure
 of the Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facility by reorganizing and
 simplifying the soup business there and the closure of the Mendota
 Illinois soup plant. The restructuring has reduced manufacturing
 costs by streamlining operations and transferring production from
 the Mendota plant to the Pittsburgh plant. Production at the
 Mendota facility was primarily related to the North American Retail
 Grocery segment and ended as of December&#xA0;31
 2012
 with full
 plant closure in the second quarter of 2013. The Company incurred
 approximately $0.6 million of closure costs with respect to this
 project in 2015 and $1.5 million in 2014. Expenses incurred
 associated with the facility closure are primarily aggregated in
 the Other operating expense
 net line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. The restructuring is substantially
 complete.


 Ontario
 Canada
 2012
 the Company announced the closure of its salad dressing plant in
 Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada
 and the transfer of production to
 facilities where the Company has lower production costs. Production
 at the Seaforth
 Ontario facility was primarily related to the
 North American Retail Grocery segment and ended in the fourth
 quarter of 2013
 with full plant closure occurring in the first
 quarter of 2014. The Company incurred $0.9 million of closure costs
 with respect to this project in 2014 and none in 2015. Expenses
 incurred associated with the facility closure are primarily
 aggregated in the Other operating expense
 net line of the
 Consolidated Statements of Income. This restructuring is
 complete.
 






The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
 -Subsection 3
 4







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 

 On July&#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Flagstone
 a privately owned U.S. based manufacturer of
 branded and private label varieties of snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 snack mixes
 and other wholesome snacks. Flagstone is
 one of the largest manufacturers and distributors of private label
 wholesome snacks in the United States
 and is the largest
 manufacturer of trail mix and dried fruits in the United States.
 The purchase price was approximately $854.2 million
 net of
 acquired cash
 after adjustments for working capital. The
 acquisition was financed through additional borrowings and the
 issuance of common stock. The acquisition expanded our existing
 product offerings by providing the Company with an entrance into
 the wholesome snack food category
 while also providing more
 exposure to the perimeter of the store.

 The Flagstone acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition
 method of accounting and the results of operations are included in
 our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North
 American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments.
 Included in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Income
 are&#xA0;Flagstone&#x2019;s net sales of approximately $287.3
 million and net income of $3.8 million from the date of acquisition
 through December&#xA0;31
 2014. Net income was partially offset by
 integration costs of $10.3 million.

 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Trade names

 
 


 




 Supplier relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 


 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 

012

 




 Deferred taxes

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 The Company allocated $231.7 million to customer relationships and
 $6.3 million to trade names
 each of which have an estimated life
 of 15 years. The Company allocated $1.6 million to recipes and
 formulas
 which have an estimated life of 5 years. The Company
 allocated $1.8 million to capitalized software with an estimated
 life of 1 year. The aforementioned intangibles are amortized on a
 straight line basis. The Company allocated $2.5 million to supplier
 relationships
 which are amortized in a method reflecting the
 pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are
 consumed over the period of one year. The Company has allocated all
 $511.3 million of goodwill to the North American Retail Grocery
 segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of expansion
 opportunities related to Flagstone&#x2019;s product offerings in the
 snacking category. None of the goodwill resulting from this
 acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately
 $8.9 million in acquisition costs during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included
 in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income. Since the initial preliminary purchase price
 allocation included in the Company&#x2019;s annual report for the
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 net adjustments of $5.7 million
 were made to decrease the fair values of the assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill.

 &#xA0;

 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 


 
 

(In&#xA0;thousands

 

 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

332

 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 On May&#xA0;30
 2014
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
 shares of Protenergy
 a privately owned Canadian based manufacturer
 of broths
 soups
 and gravies. Protenergy specializes in providing
 products in carton and recart packaging for both private label and
 corporate brands
 and also serves as a co-manufacturer of national
 brands. The Company paid $140.1 million
 net of acquired cash
 for
 the purchase of Protenergy. The acquisition was financed through
 borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The acquisition
 expanded our existing packaging capabilities and enables us to
 offer customers a full range of soup products
 as well as leverage
 our research and development capabilities in the evolution of shelf
 stable liquids packaging from cans to cartons.

 The Protenergy acquisition is accounted for under the acquisition
 method of accounting and the results of operations are included in
 our financial statements from the date of acquisition in the North
 American Retail Grocery and Industrial and Export segments.
 Included in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Income
 are Protenergy&#x2019;s net sales of approximately $116.4 million
 from the date of acquisition through December&#xA0;31
 2014. Also
 included is a net loss of $2.8 million from the date of acquisition
 through December&#xA0;31
 2014. This loss includes integration
 costs of $6.1 million.

 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 


 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 




 Unfavorable contractual agreements

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 The Company allocated $49.5 million to customer relationships that
 have an estimated life of 15 years and $0.4 million to formulas
 with an estimated life of 5 years. These intangible assets are
 amortized on a straight line basis. The Company recorded $7.6
 million of unfavorable contractual agreements
 which have an
 estimated life of 2.6 years. These unfavorable contracts are
 amortized in a method reflecting the pattern in which the economic
 costs are incurred. As of the acquisition date
 the Company has
 allocated all $50.7 million of goodwill to the North American
 Retail Grocery segment. Goodwill arises principally as a result of
 expansion opportunities
 driven in part by Protenergy&#x2019;s
 packaging technology. None of the goodwill resulting from this
 acquisition is tax deductible. The Company incurred approximately
 $3.3 million in acquisition costs during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2014 and none in 2015. These costs are included
 in the General and administrative expense line of the Consolidated
 Statements of Income.

 Since the initial preliminary purchase price allocation included in
 the Company&#x2019;s annual report for the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2014
 net adjustments of $0.2 million were made
 to increase the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed with corresponding adjustments to goodwill.

 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 2014
 


 
 

(In&#xA0;thousands

 

 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

006

 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 






The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 U.S. equity

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-U.S. equity

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Fixed income

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total investments

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 We determine the appropriate classification of our investments at
 the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation as of each
 balance sheet date. The Company accounts for investments in debt
 and marketable equity securities as held-to-maturity
 available-for-sale
 or trading
 depending on their classification.
 The investments held by the Company are classified as trading
 securities and are stated at fair value
 with changes in fair value
 recorded as a component of the Interest income or Interest expense
 line on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Cash flows from
 purchases
 sales
 and maturities of trading securities are included
 in cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows based on the nature and purpose for which
 the securities were acquired.

 &#xA0;

 Our investments include U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed
 income securities that are classified as short-term investments on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The U.S. equity
 non-U.S. equity
 and fixed income securities are classified as short-term
 investments as they have characteristics of other current assets
 and are actively managed.

 We consider temporary cash investments with an original maturity of
 three months or less to be cash equivalents. As of
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and December&#xA0;31
 2014
 $24.4 million
 and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash and cash
 equivalents held in Canada in local currency and are convertible
 into other currencies. The cash and cash equivalents held in Canada
 are expected to be used for general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects and acquisitions.

 For the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 we recognized unrealized
 losses totaling $1.3 million that are included in the Interest
 expense line of the Consolidated Statements of Income and $1.3
 million in unrealized gains that are included in the Interest
 income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. Additionally
 for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 we recognized a realized
 gain on investments totaling $0.2 million that was included in the
 Interest income line of the Consolidated Statements of Income. When
 securities are sold
 their cost is determined based on the FIFO
 method.
 






The entire disclosure for investments
 including all tables.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Raw materials and supplies

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished goods

 
 


 
 
 


 




 LIFO reserve

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total inventories

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Approximately $88.1 million and $87.4 million of our inventory was
 accounted for under the LIFO method of accounting at
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The LIFO reserve
 reflects the excess of the current cost of LIFO inventories at
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 over the amount at which these
 inventories were valued on the consolidated balance sheets. No LIFO
 inventory liquidation occurred in 2015 or 2014. Approximately
 $128.9 and $117.3 million of our net inventory was accounted for
 using the weighted average costing approach at December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
 






The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 
 
PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND
 EQUIPMENT



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Buildings and improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Construction in progress

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 Depreciation expense was $61.5 million
 $63.3 million
 and $73.3
 million in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 






The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE
 ASSETS



 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Retail Grocery
 
 
 
 From&#xA0;Home
 
 
 
 and&#xA0;Export
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;1
 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

119

 




 Acquisitions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase price adjustments

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Reallocation of goodwill

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency exchange adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 

439

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

667

 




 Purchase price adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency exchange adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 

423

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

649

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The Company has not incurred any goodwill impairments since its
 inception.

 Approximately $333.3 million of goodwill is deductible for tax
 purposes.

 The carrying amounts of our intangible assets with indefinite
 lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Trademarks

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total indefinite lived intangibles

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The decrease in the indefinite lived intangibles balance is due to
 foreign currency translation. Our 2015 and 2014 impairment reviews
 of indefinite lived intangible assets resulted in no
 impairment.

 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of
 intangible assets
 with finite lives
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 and 2014 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Carrying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carrying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Intangible assets with finite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer-related (1)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Contractual agreements (2)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks (3)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Formulas/recipes (4)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Computer software (5)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total other intangibles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the weighted average remaining useful
 lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
 (1)&#xA0;customer-related at 13.0 years
 (2)&#xA0;contractual
 agreements at 2.3 years
 (3)&#xA0;trademarks at 10.9 years
 (4)&#xA0;formulas/recipes at 3.8 years
 and (5)&#xA0;computer
 software at 4.4 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
 in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 12.5 years as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2015.

 Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 were $646.7 million and $716.3
 million
 respectively. Amortization expense on intangible assets
 was $60.6 million
 $52.6 million
 and $35.4 million
 for the years
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next
 five years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 



 Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the
 impact of operating changes and to estimate future cash flows.
 Assumptions used in our impairment evaluations
 such as forecasted
 growth rates and our cost of capital
 are consistent with our
 internal projections and operating plans.
 






The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED
 EXPENSES



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Accounts payable

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Payroll and benefits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Health insurance
 workers&#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Marketing expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 







 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 Components of income before income taxes are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Domestic source

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign source

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 The following table presents the components of the 2015
 2014
 and
 2013 provision for income taxes:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Current:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Foreign

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total income tax expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Tax at statutory rate

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Domestic production activities deduction

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total provision for income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Deferred tax assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Pension and postretirement benefits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock compensation

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unrealized foreign exchange loss

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Loss and credit carryovers

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed assets and intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred income tax liability

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 As described in Note 2
 the Company retrospectively adopted ASU
 2015-17
 which resulted in the reclassification of deferred income
 tax assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for all periods
 presented. This change decreased non-current liabilities by $35.6
 million as of December&#xA0;31
 2014
 with a corresponding decrease
 in current assets.

 The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in
 the U.S. federal
 Canada and various U.S. state jurisdictions. In
 the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 the Company is open to examination
 for the tax year ended December&#xA0;31
 2013 and forward; for
 Canadian purposes
 the Company is open to examination for the tax
 year ended December&#xA0;31
 2010 and forward and for the various
 U.S. state jurisdictions the Company is generally open to
 examination for the tax year ended December&#xA0;31
 2011 and
 forward.

 During the third quarter of 2015
 the Internal Revenue Service
 (&#x201C;IRS&#x201D;) initiated an examination of Flagstone Foods
 Inc.&#x2019;s pre-acquisition 2013 tax year. The Canadian Revenue
 Agency (&#x201C;CRA&#x201D;) is currently examining the 2008 through
 2013 tax years of E.D. Smith. The IRS and CRA examinations are
 expected to be completed in 2016 or 2017. The Company has
 examinations in process with various state taxing authorities
 which are expected to be complete in 2016.

 Management estimates that it is reasonably possible that the total
 amount of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as
 $1.5 million within the next 12 months
 primarily as a result of
 the resolution of audits currently in progress and the lapsing of
 statutes of limitations.

 During the year
 the Company recorded adjustments to its
 unrecognized tax benefits. A reconciliation of the beginning and
 ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Additions based on tax positions of prior years

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Additions resulting from acquisitions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reductions for tax positions of prior years

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Payments

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Unrecognized tax benefits are included in Other long-term
 liabilities in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 Included in the balance at December&#xA0;31
 2015 are amounts that
 are offset by deferred taxes (i.e.
 temporary differences). Of the
 amount accrued at December&#xA0;31
 2015 and December&#xA0;31
 2014
 $7.1 million and $5.2 million
 respectively
 would impact the
 effective tax rate if reversed.

 The Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related
 to its domestic and international operations which have a 20 year
 definite life. The Company has recorded a deferred asset of $3.9
 million reflecting the benefit of $13.0 million in loss
 carryforwards. All of the loss carryforwards expire between 2032
 and 2034.

 The Company recognizes interest expense (income) and penalties
 related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During
 the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company
 recognized $0.1 million
 $(0.1) million
 and $(0.2) million of
 interest and penalties in income tax expense
 respectively. The
 Company has accrued approximately $0.6 million and $0.3 million for
 the payment of interest and penalties at December&#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014
 respectively.

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 approximately $98.8 million of
 undistributed earnings of the Company&#x2019;s foreign subsidiaries
 were deemed to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 any
 applicable U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes
 have not been provided on these earnings. If these earnings had not
 been indefinitely reinvested
 deferred taxes of approximately $33.8
 million would have been recognized.

 During the first quarter of 2008
 the Company entered into an
 intercompany financing structure that results in the recognition of
 foreign earnings subject to a low effective tax rate. As the
 foreign earnings are permanently reinvested
 U.S. income taxes have
 not been provided. For the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014
 the Company recognized a tax benefit of approximately $4.0
 million and $4.6 million
 respectively
 related to this item.
 






The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Revolving Credit Facility

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Term Loan A

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Term Loan A-1

 
 


 
 
 


 




 2022 Notes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Tax increment financing and other debt

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total outstanding debt

 
 

244

 
 
 

459

 




 Deferred financing costs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less current portion

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total long-term debt

 
 

221

 
 
 

437

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 excluding deferred
 financing costs
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015 are as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total outstanding debt

 
 

244

 


 
 

 


 

 



 On May&#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered into a new five year
 revolving credit facility with an aggregate commitment of $900
 million (the &#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&#x201D;) and a $300
 million term loan (&#x201C;Term Loan A&#x201D;) pursuant to a new
 credit agreement. The proceeds from Term Loan A and a draw at
 closing on the Revolving Credit Facility were used to repay in
 full
 amounts outstanding under our prior $750 million revolving
 credit facility (the &#x201C;Prior Credit Agreement&#x201D;). The new
 credit agreement replaced the Prior Credit Agreement
 which was
 terminated upon the repayment of the amounts outstanding thereunder
 on May&#xA0;6
 2014. As a result of the debt refinancing
 $6.5
 million of fees associated with the Revolving Credit Facility and
 $2.4 million of fees associated with Term Loan A will be amortized
 over their five year and seven year terms
 respectively.

 On July&#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to its
 Credit Agreement (the &#x201C;Amendment&#x201D;)
 which among things
 provided for a new $200 million term loan (&#x201C;Term Loan
 A-1&#x201D;). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the
 &#x201C;Acquisition Term Loan&#x201D;) was used to fund
 in part
 the
 acquisition of Flagstone.

 The Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 are
 known collectively as the &#x201C;Credit Agreement.&#x201D; The
 Company&#x2019;s average interest rate on debt outstanding under its
 Credit Agreement for the twelve months ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 was 1.91%.

 &#x2014; As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 $534.2 million of the aggregate commitment of $900 million of
 the Revolving Credit Facility was available. The Revolving Credit
 Facility matures on May&#xA0;6
 2019. In addition
 as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 there were $12.8 million in letters of
 credit under the Revolving Credit Facility that were issued but
 undrawn
 which have been included as a reduction to the calculation
 of available credit.

 Interest is payable quarterly or at the end of the applicable
 interest period in arrears on any outstanding borrowings. The
 interest rates under the Credit Agreement are based on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio
 or (ii)&#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined
 in the Credit Agreement)
 plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%
 (inclusive of the facility fee)
 based on the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated leverage ratio.

 The Credit Agreement is fully and unconditionally
 as well as
 jointly and severally
 guaranteed by our 100% owned direct and
 indirect subsidiaries described as follows: During the fourth
 quarter of 2015
 the Company updated its legal structure and
 consolidated American Importing Company
 Inc.
 Ann&#x2019;s House of
 Nuts
 Inc.
 and Snacks Parent Corporation into a single 100% owned
 indirect guarantor subsidiary
 Flagstone Foods
 Inc. (formerly
 known as Snacks Holding Corporation). Additionally
 the following
 legal entities were added as guarantors in the fourth quarter:
 Associated Brands
 Inc.; Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; and
 Cains GP
 LLC. As a result
 Bay Valley Foods
 LLC
 Sturm Foods
 Inc.
 and S.T. Specialty Foods
 Inc. together with the fourth
 quarter changes noted above
 and certain other subsidiaries that
 may become guarantors in the future are collectively known as the
 &#x201C;Guarantor Subsidiaries.&#x201D; In the fourth quarter of
 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a Guarantor Subsidiary. The
 Revolving Credit Facility contains various financial and
 restrictive covenants and requires that the Company maintain
 certain financial ratios
 including a leverage and interest
 coverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains cross-default
 provisions which could result in the acceleration of payments in
 the event TreeHouse or the Guarantor Subsidiaries (i)&#xA0;fails to
 make a payment when due in respect of any indebtedness or guarantee
 having an aggregate principal amount greater than $50 million or
 (ii)&#xA0;fails to observe or perform any other agreement or
 condition related to such indebtedness or guarantee as a result of
 which the holder(s) of such debt are permitted to accelerate the
 payment of such debt.

 &#x2014; On May&#xA0;6
 2014
 the Company entered
 into a $300 million senior unsecured term loan pursuant to the
 Credit Agreement. Term Loan A matures on May&#xA0;6
 2021. The
 interest rates applicable to Term Loan A are based on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.50% to 2.25%
 or (ii)&#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.50% to 1.25%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. Term Loan A is subject to substantially the same
 covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and also has the same
 Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 $295.5
 million was outstanding under Term Loan A.

 &#xA0;

 &#x2014; On July&#xA0;29
 2014
 the Company
 entered into a $200 million unsecured term loan pursuant to the
 Credit Agreement. Term Loan A-1 matures on May&#xA0;6
 2019. The
 interest rates applicable to Term Loan A-1 are based on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and are determined by
 either (i)&#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%
 or (ii)&#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. Term Loan A-1 is subject to substantially the same
 covenants as the Revolving Credit Facility
 and has the same
 Guarantor Subsidiaries. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 $190.0
 million was outstanding under Term Loan A-1.

 &#x2014; On March&#xA0;11
 2014
 the Company
 completed its underwritten public offering of $400 million in
 aggregate principal amount of 4.875% notes due March&#xA0;15
 2022
 (the &#x201C;2022 Notes&#x201D;). The net proceeds of $394 million
 ($400 million less underwriting discount of $6 million
 providing
 an effective interest rate of 4.99%) were used to extinguish the
 Company&#x2019;s previously issued 7.75% notes due on March&#xA0;1
 2018 (the &#x201C;2018 Notes&#x201D;). The Company issued the 2022
 Notes pursuant to an Indenture between the Company
 the Guarantor
 Subsidiaries
 and the Trustee.

 The Indenture provides
 among other things
 that the 2022 Notes
 will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The
 Company&#x2019;s payment obligations under the 2022 Notes are fully
 and unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 guaranteed
 on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantor Subsidiaries
 in
 addition to any future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee or
 become borrowers under its credit agreement
 or guarantee certain
 other indebtedness incurred by the Company or its restricted
 subsidiaries. Interest is payable on March&#xA0;15 and
 September&#xA0;15 of each year. The 2022 Notes will mature on
 March&#xA0;15
 2022.

 The Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at any time
 prior to March&#xA0;15
 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable
 &#x201C;make-whole&#x201D; premium. On or after March&#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption
 prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition
 at any time prior
 to March&#xA0;15
 2017
 the Company may redeem up to 35% of the
 2022 Notes at a redemption price of 104.875% of the principal
 amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash proceeds of
 certain equity offerings.

 Subject to certain limitations
 in the event of a change in control
 of the Company
 the Company will be required to make an offer to
 purchase the 2022 Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest up to the purchase date.

 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants that
 among other
 things
 limit the ability of the Company and the Guarantor
 Subsidiaries to: (i)&#xA0;pay dividends or make other restricted
 payments
 (ii)&#xA0;make certain investments
 (iii)&#xA0;incur
 additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock
 (iv)&#xA0;create
 liens
 (v)&#xA0;pay dividends or make other payments (except for
 certain dividends and payments to the Company and certain
 subsidiaries of the Company)
 (vi)&#xA0;merge or consolidate with
 other entities or sell substantially all of its assets
 (vii)&#xA0;enter into transactions with affiliates
 and
 (viii)&#xA0;engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions. The
 foregoing limitations are subject to exceptions as set forth in the
 Indenture. In addition
 if in the future
 the 2022 Notes have an
 investment grade credit rating by both Moody&#x2019;s Investors
 Services
 Inc. and Standard&#xA0;&amp; Poor&#x2019;s Ratings
 Services
 certain of these covenants will
 thereafter
 no longer
 apply to the 2022 Notes for so long as the 2022 Notes are rated
 investment grade by the two rating agencies.

 &#x2014; On December&#xA0;15
 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Pittsburgh (&#x201C;URA&#x201D;)
 issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
 pursuant to a
 &#x201C;Tax Increment Financing Plan&#x201D; to assist with certain
 aspects of the development and construction of the Company&#x2019;s
 Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania facilities. The agreement was transferred
 to the Company as part of the acquisition of the soup and infant
 feeding business. The Company has agreed to make certain payments
 with respect to the principal amount of the URA&#x2019;s
 redevelopment bonds through May 2019. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 $1.3 million remains outstanding that matures May&#xA0;1
 2019.
 Interest accrues at an annual rate of 7.16%.

 &#x2014; The Company owes
 $4.7 million related to capital leases. Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 payable in monthly installments of principal and interest
 and are
 collateralized by the related assets financed.

 &#x2014; As described in Note 2
 the
 Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03
 which resulted in the
 reclassification of certain debt issuance costs not associated with
 line-of-credit arrangements in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for
 all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on
 the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 deferred financing costs of $1.4 million and $6.5 million
 were included in Current portion of long-term debt and Long-term
 debt
 respectively. As of December&#xA0;31
 2014
 this change
 decreased Other assets
 net
 by $9.1 million
 with corresponding
 decreases of $1.4 million and $7.7 million in Current portion of
 long-term debt and Long-term debt
 respectively.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
STOCKHOLDERS&#x2019;
 EQUITY



 &#x2014; The Company has authorized
 90&#xA0;million shares of common stock with a par value of $0.01
 per share. No dividends have been declared or paid.

 On July&#xA0;16
 2014
 the Company entered into an underwriting
 agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities
 LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 and Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner
&#xA0;&amp; Smith
 Incorporated
 as representatives of the several underwriters named
 therein (together
 the &#x201C;Underwriters&#x201D;)
 relating to the
 issuance and sale by the Company of up to 4
950
331 shares of the
 Company&#x2019;s common stock
 par value $0.01 per share (the
 &#x201C;Common Stock&#x201D;)
 at a price of $75.50 per share. On
 July&#xA0;22
 2014
 the Company closed the public offering of an
 aggregate 4
950
331 shares
 at a price of $75.50 per share. The
 Company used the net proceeds ($358 million) from the stock
 offering to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone.

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 there were 43
125
563 shares of
 common stock issued and outstanding. There is no treasury stock
 issued or outstanding.

 &#x2014; The Company has authorized
 10&#xA0;million shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.01
 per share. No preferred stock has been issued.
 






The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the
 number of weighted average common shares outstanding during the
 reporting period. The weighted average number of common shares used
 in the diluted earnings per share calculation is determined using
 the treasury stock method and includes the incremental effect
 related to the Company&#x2019;s outstanding stock-based compensation
 awards.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net earnings per basic share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net earnings per diluted share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 are computed by the treasury stock method. Equity awards
 excluded
 from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they
 were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7&#xA0;million
 0.4&#xA0;million
 and
 0.5&#xA0;million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013



 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 The Board of Directors adopted
 and the Company&#x2019;s
 Stockholders approved
 the &#x201C;TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and
 Incentive Plan&#x201D; (the &#x201C;Plan&#x201D;). On April&#xA0;23
 2015
 the Plan was amended and restated to increase the number of
 shares available for issuance under the Plan by 3.0&#xA0;million
 shares
 effective February&#xA0;27
 2015. The Plan is administered
 by our Compensation Committee
 which consists entirely of
 independent directors. The Compensation Committee determines
 specific awards for our executive officers. For all other
 employees
 if the committee designates
 our Chief Executive Officer
 or such other officers will
 from time to time
 determine specific
 persons to whom awards under the Plan will be granted
 and the
 terms and conditions of each award. The Compensation Committee or
 its designee
 pursuant to the terms of the Plan
 also will make all
 other necessary decisions and interpretations under the Plan.

 Under the Plan
 the Compensation Committee may grant awards of
 various types of compensation
 including stock options
 restricted
 stock
 restricted stock units
 performance shares
 performance
 units
 other types of stock-based awards
 and other cash-based
 compensation. The maximum number of shares available to be awarded
 under the Plan is approximately 12.3&#xA0;million
 of which
 approximately 3.3&#xA0;million remain available at
 December&#xA0;31
 2015.

 Income before income taxes for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 includes stock-based compensation expense for
 employees and directors of $22.9 million
 $25.1 million
 and $16.1
 million
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized related to the
 compensation cost of these share-based awards was approximately
 $9.5 million
 $8.8 million
 and $5.9 million for 2015
 2014
 and
 2013
 respectively.

 The Company estimates that certain employees and all directors will
 complete the required service conditions associated with their
 awards. For all other employees
 the Company estimates forfeitures
 as not all employees are expected to complete the required service
 conditions. The expected service period is the longer of the
 derived service period
 as determined from the output of the
 valuation models
 and the service period based on the term of the
 awards.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes stock
 option activity during 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 Term (yrs.)
 
 
 

 Value
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 Outstanding
 at January&#xA0;1
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercisable
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Compensation costs related to unvested options totaled $10.7
 million at December&#xA0;31
 2015 and will be recognized over the
 remaining vesting period of the grants
 which averages 2.0 years.
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 was $22.04
 $23.00
 and $20.47
 respectively.

 Stock options granted under the plan generally have a three year
 vesting schedule
 vest one-third on each of the first three
 anniversaries of the grant date
 and expire ten years from the
 grant date. Stock options are generally only granted to employees
 and non-employee directors.

 Stock options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. Expected volatilities for 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are based on
 historical volatilities of the Company&#x2019;s stock price. The
 risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of
 the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in
 effect at the time of the grant. We based our expected term on the
 simplified method as described under the SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&#xA0;107. Under this approach the expected term is 6
 years. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock
 option awards granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are presented as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected term

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 Employee restricted stock
 unit awards generally vest based on the passage of time. These
 awards generally vest one-third on each anniversary of the grant
 date. Director restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary
 of the grant date. Certain directors have deferred receipt of their
 awards until either their departure from the Board of Directors or
 a specified date. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 95&#xA0;thousand
 director restricted stock units have been earned and deferred. The
 following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair&#xA0;Value
 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Future compensation costs related to restricted stock units are
 approximately $16.6 million as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and will
 be recognized on a weighted average basis over the next 1.9 years.
 The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the
 Company&#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant.

 &#x2014; Performance unit awards are
 granted to certain members of management. These awards contain
 service and performance conditions. For each of the three
 performance periods
 one-third of the units will accrue
 multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures.
 Additionally
 for the cumulative performance period
 a number of
 units will accrue
 equal to the number of units granted multiplied
 by a predefined percentage between 0% and 200%
 depending on the
 achievement of certain operating performance measures
 less any
 units previously accrued. Accrued units will be converted to stock
 or cash
 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee
 generally
 on the third anniversary of the grant date. The Company
 intends to settle these awards in stock and has the shares
 available to do so.

 During the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 based on achievement
 of operating performance measures
 93
505 performance units were
 converted into 66
674 shares of common stock
 an average conversion
 ratio of 0.71 shares for each performance unit.

 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Units
 
 
 


 Fair Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at January 1
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at December 31
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;&#xA0;
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of vested performance units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Future compensation costs related to the performance units are
 estimated to be approximately $9.7 million as of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 and are expected to be recognized over the next 2.0 years.
 The grant date fair value of the awards is equal to the
 Company&#x2019;s closing stock price on the date of grant.
 






The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
 LOSS



 Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of the following
 components
 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Translation&#xA0;(1)
 
 
 


 Benefits&#xA0;(2)
 
 
 

 Instrument&#xA0;(3)
 
 
 


 Loss
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&#x2019;s




 
 

 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $30 thousand
 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013




 
 

 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand for the
 year ended December&#xA0;31




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 Other Comprehensive Loss
 
 
 

 Statements&#xA0;of&#xA0;Income
 


 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Derivative financial instrument

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial Adjustment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Total before tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional




 
 

 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance



 






The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
EMPLOYEE PENSION AND
 POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS



 &#x2014; Certain of our
 employees and retirees participate in pension and other
 postretirement benefit plans. Employee benefit plan obligations and
 expenses included in the Consolidated Financial Statements are
 determined based on plan assumptions
 employee demographic data
 including years of service and compensation
 benefits and claims
 paid
 and employer contributions.

 &#x2014; Certain of our non-union
 employees participate in savings and profit sharing plans. These
 plans generally provide for salary reduction contributions to the
 plans on behalf of the participants of between 1% and 80% of a
 participant&#x2019;s annual compensation and provide for employer
 matching and profit sharing contributions. The Company established
 a tax-qualified defined contribution plan to manage the assets. For
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the Company made matching contributions to
 the plan of $6.7 million
 $6.0 million
 and $4.9 million
 respectively.

 &#x2014; The Company contributes
 to several multiemployer pension plans on behalf of employees
 covered by collective bargaining agreements. These plans are
 administered jointly by management and union representatives and
 cover substantially all full-time and certain part-time union
 employees who are not covered by other plans. The risks of
 participating in multiemployer plans are different from
 single-employer plans in the following aspects: (1)&#xA0;assets
 contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used
 to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers
 (2)&#xA0;if a participating employer stops contributing to the
 plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
 remaining participating employers
 and (3)&#xA0;if the Company
 chooses to stop participating in a multiemployer plan
 we could
 under certain circumstances
 be liable for unfunded vested benefits
 or other expenses of jointly administered union/management plans.
 The Company partially withdrew from the Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Trust Plan as a result of the closure of our
 Portland pickle facility during 2013. The Company is liable for a
 share of the plan&#x2019;s unfunded vested benefits. A withdrawal
 liability in the amount of $0.9 million was paid in full during
 2014
 with no remaining liability for the partial withdrawal as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2014. In November 2015
 the Company announced the
 closure of its City of Industry
 California facility
 and as a
 result
 will further withdraw from the Western Conference of
 Teamsters Pension Trust Plan. It will not result in a full
 withdrawal. As a result
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the
 estimated partial withdrawal liability is approximately $0.8
 million
 which has been accrued as of year end. No other
 liabilities were established
 as withdrawal from the remaining
 plans is not probable. In 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 the contributions
 to these plans
 excluding withdrawal payments
 were $1.4 million
 $1.5 million
 and $1.4 million
 respectively.

 The Company&#x2019;s participation in multiemployer pension plans is
 outlined in the table below. The EIN column provides the Employer
 Identification Number (&#x201C;EIN&#x201D;) of each plan. Unless
 otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act zone status
 available in 2015 and 2014 is for the plan&#x2019;s years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. The zone status is
 based on information that the Company received from the plan
 and
 is certified by the plan&#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65% funded
 plans in
 the yellow zone are less than 80% funded
 and plans in the green
 zone are at least 80% funded. The FIP column indicates plans for
 which a financial improvement plan &#x201C;(&#x201C;FIP&#x201D;) is
 either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the
 expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements to which
 the plans are subject. There have been no significant changes in
 the number of Company employees covered by the multiemployer plans
 or other significant events that would affect the comparability of
 contributions to the plans.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 


 
 




 




 Plan Name:

 
 

 
 

 


 December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The Company was listed in the following plan&#x2019;s Form 5500 as
 providing more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the
 following plan and plan years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan Name:

 





 




 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan

 
 

 2015
&#xA0;2014

 



 &#xA0;

 &#x2014; The Company
 established a tax-qualified pension plan and master trust to manage
 the portion of the pension plan assets related to eligible
 salaried
 non-union
 and union employees not covered by a
 multiemployer pension plan. We also retain investment consultants
 to assist our Investment Committee with formulating a long-term
 investment policy for the master trust. The expected long-term rate
 of return on assets is based on projecting long-term market returns
 for the various asset classes in which the plan&#x2019;s assets are
 invested
 weighted by the target asset allocations. The estimated
 ranges are primarily based on observations of historical asset
 returns and their historical volatility. In determining the
 expected returns
 we also consider consensus forecasts of certain
 market and economic factors that influence returns
 such as
 inflation
 gross domestic product trends
 and dividend yields.
 Active management of the plan assets may result in adjustments to
 the historical returns. We review the rate of return assumption
 annually.

 The Company&#x2019;s overall investment strategy is to provide a
 regular and reliable source of income to meet the liquidity needs
 of the pension plans and minimize reliance on plan sponsor
 contributions as a source of benefit security. The Company&#x2019;s
 investment policy includes various guidelines and procedures
 designed to ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to
 meet expected future benefits earned by participants. Central to
 the policy are target allocation ranges by major asset classes. The
 objective of the target allocations is to ensure the assets are
 invested with the intent to protect pension plan assets so that
 such assets are preserved for the provision of benefits to
 participants and their beneficiaries and such long-term growth as
 may maximize the amounts available to provide such benefits without
 undue risk. Additionally
 we consider the weighted average return
 of a capital markets model and historical returns on comparable
 equity
 debt
 and other investments. Our current asset mix
 guidelines
 under the investment policy
 target equities at 55% to
 65% of the portfolio and fixed income at 35% to 45%. At
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 our master trust was invested as follows:
 equity securities of 59.7%
 fixed income securities of 39.9% and
 cash and cash equivalents of 0.4%. Equity securities primarily
 include investments in collective equity funds that invest in
 domestic and international securities
 with a primary focus on
 domestic securities. Fixed income securities primarily include
 investments in collective funds that invest in corporate bonds of
 companies from diversified industries. Other investments are short
 term in nature
 including certificates of deposit
 investments in a
 collective bond fund that invests in commercial paper
 time
 deposits
 fixed rate notes and bonds and others.

 The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 by asset category is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 December&#xA0;31
 (h)
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Short Term Investment Fund (a)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 International All Country World Index Fund (d)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Collective Daily 1-5 year Credit Bond Fund (e)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective




 
 

 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital




 
 

 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones




 
 

 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed




 
 

 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond




 
 

 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity




 
 

 to outperform the Barclay&#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income




 
 

 the
 Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are
 measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient
 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these




 Pension benefits for eligible salaried and non-union employees were
 frozen in 2002 for years of creditable service. For these
 employees
 incremental pension benefits are only earned for changes
 in compensation affecting final average pay. Pension benefits
 earned by union employees covered by collective bargaining
 agreements
 but not participating in multiemployer pension plans
 are earned based on creditable years of service and the specified
 benefit amounts negotiated as part of the collective bargaining
 agreements. The Company&#x2019;s funding policy provides that annual
 contributions to the pension plan master trust will be at least
 equal to the minimum amounts required by Employee Retirement Income
 Security Act of 1974
 as amended. The Company estimates that its
 2016 contributions to its pension plans will be $2.6 million. In
 2014
 the retirement of selected employees with substantial pension
 balances owed upon retirement was deemed a settlement charge of
 $0.6 million. The measurement date for the defined benefit pension
 plans is December&#xA0;31. In 2015
 the actuarial gain relating to
 the defined benefit pension plans was primarily driven by the
 change in the discount rate.

 &#x2014; Certain employees
 participate in benefit programs that provide certain health care
 and life insurance benefits for retired employees and their
 eligible dependents. The plans are unfunded. The Company estimates
 that its 2016 contributions to its postretirement benefit plans
 will be $0.2 million. The measurement date for the other
 postretirement benefit plans is December&#xA0;31.

 The Company contributes to certain multiemployer postretirement
 benefit plans other than pensions on behalf of employees covered by
 collective bargaining agreements. These plans are administered
 jointly by management and union representatives and cover all
 eligible retirees. These plans are primarily health and welfare
 funds and carry the same multiemployer risks as identified at the
 beginning of this Note. Total contributions to these plans were
 $2.6 million
 $2.5 million
 and $2.2 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlements

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Actuarial (gains) losses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefits paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Benefit obligation
 at end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Company contributions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefits paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liability

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Non-current liability

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net amount recognized

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 Loss:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net actuarial loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total
 before tax effect

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 





 benefit obligations:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Health care cost trend rate for next year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Ultimate rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Year ultimate rate achieved

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 and postretirement benefit plans
 for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
 
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of unrecognized net loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 ASC 715 settlement charge

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net periodic cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Postretirement
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 





 benefit costs:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive loss into net periodic cost in 2016 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Net actuarial loss (gain)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Benefit
 
 
 
 Benefit
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2018

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2021-25

 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 




 1% Increase:

 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 end of year

 
 
 
 




 Service cost plus interest cost for the year

 
 
 
 




 1% Decrease:

 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 end of year

 
 
 
 




 Service cost plus interest cost for the year

 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 Most of our employees are not eligible for postretirement medical
 benefits and of those that are
 the majority are covered by a
 multi-employer plan in which expenses are paid as incurred. The
 effect on those covered by plans for which we maintain a liability
 was not significant.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Other Operating Expense
 Net


Dec. 31
 2015

Other Operating Expense
 Net


 
 
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSE
 NET



 The Company incurred other operating expense for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 which
 consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Restructuring

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Interest paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued purchase of property and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued other intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 Non-cash financing activities for the twelve months ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013 included $20.0 million
 $13.4 million
 and $11.9 million
 respectively
 related to the
 vesting of restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and
 performance stock units.
 






The entire disclosure for supplemental cash flow activities
 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
COMMITMENTS AND
 CONTINGENCIES



 We lease certain property
 plant
 equipment
 and distribution
 warehouses used in our operations under both capital and operating
 lease agreements. These leases have terms ranging from one to
 seventeen years. Rent expense under operating lease commitments was
 $31.9 million
 $28.3 million
 and $22.8 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.

 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 Future minimum payments at December&#xA0;31
 2015 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2018

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2019

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2020

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total minimum payments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Less amount representing interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Present value of capital lease obligations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Investigations
 and Audits
 in the ordinary course of business to certain claims
 litigation
 audits
 and investigations. The Company believes it has established
 adequate accruals for liabilities that are probable and reasonably
 estimable that may be incurred in connection with any such
 currently pending or threatened matter
 none of which are
 significant. In the Company&#x2019;s opinion
 the settlement of any
 such currently pending or threatened matter is not expected to have
 a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 The Company is exposed to certain risks relating to its ongoing
 business operations. The primary risks managed by derivative
 instruments include interest rate risk
 foreign currency risk
 and
 commodity price risk. Derivative contracts are entered into for
 periods consistent with the related underlying exposure and do not
 constitute positions independent of those exposures. The Company
 does not enter into derivative instruments for trading or
 speculative purposes.

 &#x2014; The Company manages its exposure
 to changes in interest rates by optimizing the use of variable-rate
 and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing interest rate swaps to hedge
 our exposure to changes in interest rates
 to reduce the volatility
 of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of
 fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected
 market conditions
 with a bias toward fixed-rate debt.

Due to the Company&#x2019;s
 operations in Canada
 we are exposed to foreign currency risk. The
 Company enters into foreign currency contracts to manage the risk
 associated with foreign currency cash flows. The Company&#x2019;s
 objective in using foreign currency contracts is to establish a
 fixed foreign currency exchange rate for the net cash flow
 requirements for purchases that are denominated in U.S. dollars.
 These contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and changes in
 their fair value are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of
 Income
 with their fair value recorded on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company had $23.0 million
 of U.S. dollar foreign currency contracts outstanding
 expiring
 throughout 2016.

 &#x2014; Certain commodities we use in the
 production and distribution of our products are exposed to market
 price risk. The Company uses derivative contracts to manage this
 risk. The majority of commodity forward contracts are not
 derivatives
 and those that are generally qualify for the normal
 purchases and normal sales scope exception under the guidance for
 derivatives and hedging activities and
 therefore
 are not subject
 to its provisions. For derivative commodity contracts that do not
 qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
 the Company records their fair value on the Company&#x2019;s
 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with changes in value being recorded
 in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 The Company&#x2019;s forward purchase commodity contracts may
 include contracts for diesel
 oil
 plastics
 natural gas
 electricity
 and other commodity contracts that do not meet the
 requirements for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception.

 The Company uses diesel contracts to manage the Company&#x2019;s
 risk associated with the underlying cost of diesel fuel used to
 deliver products. The contracts for oil and plastics are used to
 manage the Company&#x2019;s risk associated with the underlying
 commodity cost of a significant component used in packaging
 materials. The contracts for natural gas and electricity are used
 to manage the Company&#x2019;s risk associated with the utility
 costs of its manufacturing facilities
 and commodity contracts that
 are derivatives that do not meet the normal purchases and normal
 sales scope exception are used to manage the price risk associated
 with raw material costs. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the Company
 had outstanding contracts for the purchase of 56
764 megawatts of
 electricity
 expiring throughout 2016; 5.2&#xA0;million gallons of
 diesel
 expiring throughout 2016; 2.4&#xA0;million dekatherms of
 natural gas
 expiring throughout 2016; and 1.5&#xA0;million pounds
 of coffee
 expiring throughout 2016.

 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Year
 Ended
 


 
 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total unrealized gain (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total realized (loss)

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and
 December&#xA0;31
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2015
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2014
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 




 Not recorded at fair value (liability):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revolving Credit Facility

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Term Loan A

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Term Loan A-1

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2022 Notes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 Cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable are financial
 assets with carrying values that approximate fair value. Accounts
 payable are financial liabilities with carrying values that
 approximate fair value.

 The fair values of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 Term
 Loan A-1
 2022 Notes
 commodity contracts
 and foreign currency
 contracts are determined using Level 2 inputs. Level 2 inputs are
 inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for an
 asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly. The fair values
 of the Revolving Credit Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1
 were estimated using present value techniques and market based
 interest rates and credit spreads. The fair value of the
 Company&#x2019;s 2022 Notes was estimated based on quoted market
 prices for similar instruments
 where the inputs are considered
 Level 2
 due to their infrequent trading volume.

 The fair values of the commodity contracts and foreign currency
 contracts are based on an analysis comparing the contract rates to
 the market rates at the balance sheet date. The commodity contracts
 and foreign currency contracts are recorded at fair value on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 The fair value of the investments was determined using Level 1
 inputs. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for
 identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the
 ability to access at the measurement dates. The investments are
 recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 






The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
 AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS



 The Company manages operations on a company-wide basis
 thereby
 making determinations as to the allocation of resources in total
 rather than on a segment-level basis. The Company has designated
 reportable segments based on how management views its business. The
 Company does not segregate assets between segments for internal
 reporting. Therefore
 asset-related information has not been
 presented. The reportable segments
 as presented below
 are
 consistent with the manner in which the Company reports its results
 to the Chief Operating Decision Maker. Our segments are as
 follows:

 Our North American
 Retail Grocery segment sells branded and private label products to
 customers within the United States and Canada. These products
 include non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; condensed
 ready
 to serve
 and powdered soups
 broths
 and gravies; refrigerated and
 shelf stable salad dressings and sauces; pickles and related
 products; Mexican and other sauces; jams and pie fillings; aseptic
 products; liquid non-dairy creamer; powdered drinks; single serve
 hot beverages; specialty teas; hot cereals; baking and mix powders;
 macaroni and cheese; skillet dinners; and snack nuts
 trail mixes
 dried fruit
 and other wholesome snacks.

 Our Food Away From Home segment
 sells non-dairy powdered creamers; sweeteners; pickles and related
 products; Mexican and other sauces; refrigerated and shelf stable
 dressings; aseptic products; hot cereals; powdered drinks; and
 single serve hot beverages to foodservice customers
 including
 restaurant chains and food distribution companies
 within the
 United States and Canada.

 Our Industrial and Export
 segment includes the Company&#x2019;s co-pack business and non-dairy
 powdered creamer sales to industrial customers for use in
 industrial applications
 including products for repackaging in
 portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food
 manufacturers. This segment sells non-dairy powdered creamer;
 baking and mix powders; pickles and related products; refrigerated
 and shelf stable salad dressings; Mexican sauces; aseptic products;
 soup and infant feeding products; hot cereal; powdered drinks;
 single serve hot beverages; specialty teas; nuts; and other
 products. Export sales are primarily to industrial customers
 outside of North America.

 The Company evaluates the performance of segments based on net
 sales dollars and direct operating income (gross profit less
 freight out
 sales commissions
 and direct selling and marketing
 expenses). The amounts in the following tables are obtained from
 reports used by senior management and do not include income taxes.
 Other expenses not allocated include unallocated selling and
 distribution expenses
 unallocated costs of sales and unallocated
 corporate expenses. The accounting policies of our segments are the
 same as those described in the summary of significant accounting

 Policies.

 &#xA0;

 Financial information relating to the Company&#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Net sales to external customers:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 

437

 
 
 

173

 
 
 

642

 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 

206

 
 
 

946

 
 
 

293

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Direct operating income:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unallocated cost of sales (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Unallocated corporate expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Depreciation:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Corporate office (2)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 accelerated depreciation and other charges related to




 
 





 &#x2014; The Company had revenues from
 customers outside of the United States of approximately 11.9%
 12.4%
 and 13.2% of total consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and
 2013
 respectively
 with 10.8%
 11.3%
 and 12.2% from Canada in
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales are determined based on
 the customer destination where the products are shipped.

 Long-lived assets consist of net property
 plant
 and equipment.
 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Long-lived assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 United States

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Canada

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 &#x2014; Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates
 accounted for approximately 20.7%
 18.8%
 and 19.0% of our
 consolidated net sales in 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Sales
 to Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates are included in our North
 American Retail Grocery segment. No other customer accounted for
 more than 10% of our consolidated net sales.

 Total trade receivables with Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates
 represented approximately 21.9% and 17.5% of our total trade
 receivables as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

 &#x2014; The following table presents the
 Company&#x2019;s net sales by major products. In 2014
 we added a
 product category (Snacks) due to the acquisition of Flagstone. This
 change did not require prior period adjustments.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Products:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Snacks

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Beverages

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Soup and infant feeding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Salad dressings

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Beverage enhancers

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pickles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Mexican and other sauces

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cereals

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dry dinners

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Aseptic products

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other products

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Jams

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total net sales

 
 

206

 
 
 

946

 
 
 

293

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 (unaudited)



 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2015 and 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the




 
 





 
 




 






The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION



 The Company&#x2019;s 2022 Notes are guaranteed fully and
 unconditionally
 as well as jointly and severally
 by its Guarantor
 Subsidiaries. As described in Note 11
 Associated Brands
 Inc.;
 Cains Foods
 Inc.; Cains Foods L.P.; Cains GP
 LLC; and Flagstone
 Foods
 Inc. (formerly known as Snacks Holding Corporation) were
 added as Guarantor Subsidiaries in the fourth quarter of 2015. In
 the fourth quarter of 2014
 EDS Holdings
 LLC was removed as a
 Guarantor Subsidiary. There are no significant restrictions on the
 ability of the parent company or any guarantor to obtain funds from
 its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. The following supplemental
 consolidating financial information presents the results of
 operations
 financial position
 and cash flows of the parent
 company
 its guarantor subsidiaries
 its non-guarantor subsidiaries
 and the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the
 Company on a consolidated basis as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and
 2014 and for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and
 2013. The equity method has been used with respect to investments
 in subsidiaries. The principal elimination entries eliminate
 investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and
 transactions. As a result of the addition of the guarantors noted
 above
 the following supplemental consolidating financial
 information has been recast for prior periods as if the new
 guarantor structure existed for all periods presented
 as of the
 acquisition dates of the respective guarantors. As a result of the
 removal of EDS Holdings
 LLC as a guarantor in 2014
 all prior
 period supplemental consolidating financial information has been
 revised to remove it as a guarantor for all periods presented.
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet
December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventories
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 

496

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

649

 




 Investment in subsidiaries

 
 

411

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

792

 
 
 


 




 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible and other assets
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets

 
 

112

 
 
 

974

 
 
 


 
 
 

827

 
 
 

702

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Current portion of long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Long-term debt

 
 

219

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

221

 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

854

 
 
 

411

 
 
 


 
 
 

792

 
 
 

854

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total liabilities and stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

112

 
 
 

974

 
 
 


 
 
 

827

 
 
 

702

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet
December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventories
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 

490

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

667

 




 Investment in subsidiaries

 
 

269

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

699

 
 
 


 




 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible and other assets
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets

 
 

257

 
 
 

831

 
 
 


 
 
 

741

 
 
 

858

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Current portion of long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Long-term debt

 
 

431

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

437

 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

759

 
 
 

269

 
 
 


 
 
 

699

 
 
 

759

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total liabilities and stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

257

 
 
 

831

 
 
 


 
 
 

741

 
 
 

858

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

994

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

206

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

405

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

562

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other (income) expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

596

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

946

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

061

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

339

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

069

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

293

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

644

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

818

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other (income) expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive income (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive income (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 

055

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

 
 


 
 
 

034

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

 
 

080

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

089

 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net proceeds from issuance of stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Proceeds from sale of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash used in investing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 



 In connection with the financing of the acquisition of the private
 brands business (&#x201C;Private Brands Business&#x201D;) of ConAgra
 Foods
 on January&#xA0;20
 2016
 the Company announced the offering
 of $750 million of stock
 or 11
538
461 shares at $65.00 per share.
 Included in the offering was an underwriters&#x2019; option to
 purchase an additional 1
730
769 shares at $65.00 per share. On
 January&#xA0;26
 2016
 a total of 13
269
230 shares were issued
 resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $862.5 million. Net
 cash from the offering
 after the exercise of the over-allotment
 option and after considering the underwriting fees
 was
 approximately $836.6 million. The net proceeds from the offering
 were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of the Private Brands
 Business.

 Also in connection with the financing of the acquisition of the
 Private Brands Business
 on January&#xA0;29
 2016
 the Company
 completed an exempt offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S of
 the Securities Act of $775 million in aggregate principal amount of
 6.0% senior unsecured notes (&#x201C;2024 Notes&#x201D;) due
 February&#xA0;15
 2024. The net proceeds from the issuance of the
 2024 Notes (approximately $763.4 million after deducting
 underwriting discounts) were used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition
 of the Private Brands Business. Interest on the 2024 Notes will be
 and
 of each year
 beginning August&#xA0;15
 2016.

 On February&#xA0;1
 2016
 the Company completed its acquisition of
 the Private Brands Business for approximately $2.7 billion
 excluding transaction expenses and subject to working capital and
 other adjustments. The acquisition will be accounted for under the
 acquisition method of accounting. The required disclosures have not
 been provided as the initial accounting for the business
 combination was not complete prior to the issuance of these
 financial statements.

 The acquisition was funded by $836.6 million in net proceeds from
 the sale of the Company&#x2019;s common stock
 $763.4 million in net
 proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
 and $1
025.0 million
 in Term Loan A-2 financing
 with the remaining balance funded by
 borrowings from the Company&#x2019;s Revolving Credit Facility. The
 Term Loan A-2 financing was funded on February&#xA0;1
 2016
 coincident with the closing of the acquisition and has a term of 5
 years. Interest on the Term Loan A-2 financing is based on the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated leverage ratio
 and is determined by
 either (i)&#xA0;LIBOR
 plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 3.00%
 or (ii)&#xA0;a Base Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
 plus
 a margin ranging from 0.25% to 2.00%. Payments are due on a
 quarterly basis. The Company obtained Term Loan A-2 pursuant to an
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&#xA0;1
 2016. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amends
 restates
 and replaces the Company&#x2019;s existing Credit Agreement
 dated
 as of May&#xA0;6
 2014. Significant components of the Amended and
 Restated Credit Agreement include (but are not limited to)
 (1)&#xA0;changes to the maturity dates of the Revolving Credit
 Facility
 Term Loan A
 and Term Loan A-1 so that they are
 coterminous and will mature on February&#xA0;1
 2021
 (2)&#xA0;issuance of Term Loan A-2
 (3)&#xA0;the Credit Agreement
 is now a secured facility until the Company reaches a leverage
 ratio of 3.5 and has no other pari-passu secured debt outstanding
 and (4)&#xA0;increased credit spreads. The Amended and Restated
 Credit Agreement contains substantially the same covenants as the
 prior Credit Agreement.
 






The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015



 
TREEEHOUSE FOODS
 INC.
 
December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014 and 2013

 Allowance for doubtful accounts deducted from accounts
 receivable:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 of Year
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 of Year
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 






The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 &#x2014; The Consolidated Financial
 Statements include the accounts of TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. and its
 100% owned direct and indirect subsidiaries (the
 &#x201C;Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;TreeHouse
&#x201D; &#x201C;we
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;us
&#x201D; or &#x201C;our&#x201D;). All intercompany balances
 and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. In 2014
 as a
 result of the Flagstone acquisition
 the Company added a new
 product category for Snacks. This change did not require prior
 period adjustments. See Note 22 for more information.
 






 &#x2014; The preparation of our Consolidated
 Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) requires management to use judgment to make
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 and the reported amounts of net sales and expenses during the
 reporting period. Actual results could differ from these
 estimates.
 






 &#x2014; We consider temporary cash
 investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be
 cash equivalents. As of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 $24.4
 million and $31.6 million
 respectively
 represents cash held in
 Canada
 in local currency
 and is convertible into other
 currencies. The cash held in Canada is expected to be used for
 general corporate purposes in Canada
 including capital projects
 and acquisitions.
 






 &#x2014; Inventories are stated at the lower of
 cost or market. Pickle inventories are valued using the LIFO method
 and Flagstone inventories are valued using the weighted average
 costing approach
 while all of our other inventories are valued
 using the FIFO method. The costs of finished goods inventories
 include raw materials
 labor
 and overhead costs.
 



Property
 plant
 and equipment



 plant
 and equipment
 plant
 and
 equipment are stated at acquisition cost
 plus capitalized interest
 on borrowings during the actual construction period of major
 capital projects. Depreciation and amortization are calculated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Buildings and improvements

 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 




 Office furniture and equipment

 
 



 We perform impairment tests when circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value may not be recoverable. Capitalized leases are
 amortized over the shorter of their lease term or their estimated
 useful lives
 and amortization expense is included in depreciation
 expense. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
 which do not
 improve or extend the life of the assets
 are expensed as
 incurred.
 






 &#x2014; Identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful
 lives as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Customer relationships

 
 




 Trademarks

 
 




 Non-competition agreements

 






 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements

 






 Formulas/recipes

 
 




 Computer software

 
 



 &#xA0;

 Indefinite lived trademarks are evaluated for impairment annually
 in the fourth quarter or more frequently
 if events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment
 is indicated when their book value exceeds fair value. If the fair
 value of an evaluated asset is less than its book value
 the asset
 is written down to fair value
 which is generally based on its
 discounted future cash flows.

 Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 amount may not be recoverable. If an evaluation of the undiscounted
 cash flows indicates impairment
 the asset is written down to its
 estimated fair value
 which is generally based on discounted future
 cash flows.

 Goodwill is evaluated annually in the fourth quarter or more
 frequently
 if events or changes in circumstances require an
 interim assessment. We assess goodwill for impairment (as of
 December&#xA0;31) at the reporting unit level using market and
 income approaches
 employing significant assumptions regarding
 growth
 discount rates
 and profitability at each reporting unit.
 The market approach uses a market multiple methodology employing
 revenues and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation
 and
 amortization (&#x201C;EBITDA&#x201D;) and applies a range of
 multiples to those amounts in determining the indicated fair value.
 In determining the multiples used in this approach
 we obtain the
 multiples for selected peer companies using the most recent
 publically available information. Our estimates under the income
 approach are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. In
 determining the indicated fair value of each reporting unit
 the
 Company weighs both the market and income approach results
 with
 each approach given equal weighting. The resulting value is then
 compared to the carrying value of each reporting unit. If the book
 value of the reporting unit exceeds the indicated fair value
 goodwill is then considered under the second step of the impairment
 test. In the second step
 goodwill impairment is measured as the
 difference between the implied value of goodwill and its carrying
 value. The implied value of goodwill is determined based on a
 hypothetical analysis that calculates the fair value of goodwill as
 if the related reporting unit were being acquired in a business
 combination.
 






 &#x2014; We measure compensation
 expense for our equity awards at their grant date fair value. The
 resulting expense is recognized over the relevant service period.
 See Note 14.
 






 &#x2014; Sales are recognized when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
 determinable
 title and risk of loss transfer to customers
 and
 there is a reasonable assurance of collection of the sales
 proceeds. Product is shipped FOB shipping point or FOB destination
 depending on our agreement with the customer. Sales are reduced by
 certain sales incentives
 some of which are recorded by estimating
 expense based on our historical experience.
 






 &#x2014; We provide credit terms to
 customers generally ranging between 10 and 30 days
 perform ongoing
 credit evaluations of our customers
 and maintain allowances for
 potential credit losses based on historical experience. Customer
 balances are written off after all collection efforts are
 exhausted. Estimated product returns
 which have not been material
 are deducted from sales at the time of shipment.
 






 &#x2014; The provision for income taxes includes
 federal
 foreign
 state
 and local income taxes currently payable
 and those deferred because of temporary differences between the
 financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities.
 Deferred tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the
 difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of
 assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. Valuation
 allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is
 more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
 Deferred income tax expenses or credits are based on the changes in
 the asset or liability from period to period.
 






 &#x2014; The
 functional currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency. The functional currency is
 translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using
 currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date
 and
 for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted-average exchange
 rate during the fiscal year. The translation adjustments are
 deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#x2019; equity in
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss. Gains or losses resulting
 from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in
 Other expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
 






 &#x2014; Our shipping and handling
 costs are included in both cost of sales and selling and
 distribution expense
 depending on the nature of such costs.
 Shipping and handling costs included in cost of sales reflect
 inventory warehouse costs
 product loading and handling costs
 and
 costs associated with transporting finished products from our
 manufacturing facilities to distribution warehouses. Shipping and
 handling costs included in selling and distribution expense consist
 primarily of the cost of shipping products to customers through
 third party carriers. Shipping and handling costs recorded as a
 component of selling and distribution expense were approximately
 $87.2 million
 $80.0 million
 and $55.3 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 






 &#x2014; From time to time
 we utilize derivative financial instruments including interest rate
 and commodity swaps
 foreign currency contracts
 and forward
 purchase contracts to manage our exposure to interest rate
 foreign
 currency
 and commodity price risks. We do not hold or issue
 financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The
 Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or
 liabilities and carries them at fair value. Derivatives that are
 not designated as hedges according to GAAP must be adjusted to fair
 value through earnings. For derivative instruments that are
 designated as cash flow hedges
 the effective portion of the gain
 or loss is reported as Accumulated other comprehensive loss and
 reclassified into earnings in the same period when the hedged
 transaction affects earnings. The ineffective gain or loss is
 recognized in current earnings. Commodity forward contracts
 generally qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales scope
 exception under the guidance for derivative instruments and hedging
 activities
 and therefore are not subject to its provisions. For
 further information about our derivative instruments
 see Note
 20.
 






 &#x2014; Capital lease obligations
 represent machinery and equipment financing obligations
 which are
 generally payable in monthly installments of principal and
 interest
 and are collateralized by the related assets
 financed.
 






 &#x2014; We retain selected levels of
 property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health
 care
 workers&#x2019; compensation claims
 and other casualty
 losses. Many of these potential losses are covered under
 conventional insurance programs with third party carriers having
 high deductible limits. In other areas
 we are self-insured with
 stop-loss coverage. Accrued liabilities for incurred but not
 reported losses related to these retained risks are calculated
 based upon loss development factors that consider a number of
 elements
 including claims history and expected trends. We develop
 these accruals with external insurance brokers and actuaries.
 






 &#x2014; We
 periodically record facility closing and reorganization charges
 when we have identified a facility for closure or other
 reorganization opportunity
 developed a plan
 and notified the
 affected employees. These charges are incurred as a component of
 operating income. See Note 3 for more information.
 






 &#x2014; We record research
 and development charges to expense as they are incurred and report
 them in the General and administrative expense line of our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. Expenditures totaled $14.3
 million
 $12.8 million
 and $17.5 million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 






 &#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as
 incurred and reported in the Selling and distribution expense line
 of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
 




































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and reporting costs associated with exiting
 disposing of
 and restructuring certain operations.
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3
 -Subsection 3
 4
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangements (both lessor and lessee). This disclosure may address (1) lease classification (that is
 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition for the sale of goods
 which is a transaction between an entity delivering a tangible good to a purchaser. The entity also may disclose its treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Buildings and improvements

 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 




 Office furniture and equipment

 
 


 






 Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over
 their estimated useful lives as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 




 

 

 





 Customer relationships

 
 




 Trademarks

 
 




 Non-competition agreements

 






 Deferred financing costs associated with line-of-credit
 arrangements

 






 Formulas/recipes

 
 




 Computer software

 
 


 







Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Useful Life






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Below is a summary of the plant closing costs:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2015
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Costs
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Asset-related

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employee-related

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other closure costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Trade names

 
 


 




 Supplier relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 


 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 

012

 




 Deferred taxes

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 






 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if the acquisition of Protenergy had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 interest expense related to the financing of the
 business combination
 and related income taxes. These pro forma
 results may not necessarily reflect actual results of operations
 that would have been achieved
 nor are they necessarily indicative
 of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 2014
 


 
 

(In&#xA0;thousands

 

 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

006

 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 











 We have completed the allocation of the purchase price to net
 tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Cash

 
 


 




 Receivables

 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 




 Software

 
 


 




 Formulas

 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of assets acquired

 
 


 




 Assumed liabilities

 
 


 




 Unfavorable contractual agreements

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total purchase price

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 






 The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of
 operations for the Company as if its acquisition of Flagstone had
 been completed as of January&#xA0;1
 2014. Adjustments have been
 made for the pro forma effects of depreciation and amortization of
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 tangible and intangible assets recognized as part of the business
 combination
 the issuance of common stock
 interest expense related
 to the financing of the business combination
 and related income
 taxes. The pro forma results may not necessarily reflect actual
 results of operations that would have been achieved
 nor are they
 necessarily indicative of future results of operations.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 


 
 

(In&#xA0;thousands

 

 




 Pro forma net sales

 
 

332

 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma net income

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Pro forma diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 U.S. equity

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-U.S. equity

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Fixed income

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total investments

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






A table of investments
 shown as a text block.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Raw materials and supplies

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Finished goods

 
 


 
 
 


 




 LIFO reserve

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total inventories

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Land

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Buildings and improvements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Construction in progress

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Retail Grocery
 
 
 
 From&#xA0;Home
 
 
 
 and&#xA0;Export
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;1
 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

119

 




 Acquisitions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase price adjustments

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Reallocation of goodwill

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency exchange adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 

439

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

667

 




 Purchase price adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency exchange adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 

423

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

649

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The carrying amounts of our intangible assets with indefinite
 lives
 other than goodwill
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Trademarks

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total indefinite lived intangibles

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



Gross Carrying Amounts and Accumulated Amortization of Intangible Assets
 with Finite Lives


 The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization of
 intangible assets
 with finite lives
 as of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 and 2014 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Carrying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carrying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Intangible assets with finite lives:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer-related (1)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Contractual agreements (2)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks (3)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Formulas/recipes (4)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Computer software (5)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total other intangibles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 As of December&#xA0;31
 2015
 the weighted average remaining useful
 lives for the amortizable intangible assets are
 (1)&#xA0;customer-related at 13.0 years
 (2)&#xA0;contractual
 agreements at 2.3 years
 (3)&#xA0;trademarks at 10.9 years
 (4)&#xA0;formulas/recipes at 3.8 years
 and (5)&#xA0;computer
 software at 4.4 years. The weighted average remaining useful life
 in total for all amortizable intangible assets is 12.5 years as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2015.
 






 years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively.
 Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets for the next
 five years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 


 







Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Accounts payable

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Payroll and benefits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Health insurance
 workers&#x2019; compensation
 and other insurance
 costs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Marketing expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Components of income before income taxes are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Domestic source

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign source

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The following table presents the components of the 2015
 2014
 and
 2013 provision for income taxes:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Current:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Foreign

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total income tax expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The following is a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at
 the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the income tax expense
 reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Tax at statutory rate

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Tax benefit of cross-border intercompany financing structure

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Domestic production activities deduction

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total provision for income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The tax effects of temporary differences giving rise to deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Deferred tax assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Pension and postretirement benefits

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stock compensation

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unrealized foreign exchange loss

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Loss and credit carryovers

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed assets and intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred tax liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred income tax liability

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 &#xA0;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Unrecognized tax benefits beginning balance

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Additions based on tax positions of prior years

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Additions resulting from acquisitions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reductions for tax positions of prior years

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Payments

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Unrecognized tax benefits ending balance

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e.
 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Revolving Credit Facility

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Term Loan A

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Term Loan A-1

 
 


 
 
 


 




 2022 Notes

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Tax increment financing and other debt

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total outstanding debt

 
 

244

 
 
 

459

 




 Deferred financing costs

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less current portion

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total long-term debt

 
 

221

 
 
 

437

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



Scheduled Maturities of Outstanding Debt
 Excluding Deferred Financing Costs


 The scheduled maturities of outstanding debt
 excluding deferred
 financing costs
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015 are as follows (in
 thousands):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 




 2018

 
 


 




 2019

 
 


 




 2020

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 




 Total outstanding debt

 
 

244

 


 
 

 


 

 


 







Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 The following table summarizes the effect of the share-based
 compensation awards on the weighted average number of shares
 outstanding used in calculating diluted earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data)
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Assumed exercise/vesting of equity awards (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net earnings per basic share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net earnings per diluted share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 are computed by the treasury stock method. Equity awards
 excluded
 from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they
 were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7&#xA0;million
 0.4&#xA0;million
 and
 0.5&#xA0;million for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013



 






Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 The following table summarizes stock option activity during
 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 
 Options
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 Term (yrs.)
 
 
 

 Value
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 Outstanding
 at January&#xA0;1
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested/expect to vest
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercisable
 at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 Intrinsic value of stock options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from stock option exercises

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock option
 awards granted in 2015
 2014
 and 2013 are presented as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected term

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the restricted stock unit activity
 during the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair&#xA0;Value
 
 
 

 Stock&#xA0;Units
 
 
 


 Fair Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at January 1
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding
 at December 31
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from vested restricted stock units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the performance unit activity during
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2015:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Units
 
 
 


 Fair Value
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at January 1
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Unvested
 at December 31
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


&#xA0;&#xA0;
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 millions)
 




 Compensation expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of vested performance units

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax benefit recognized from performance units vested

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 



























































































































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Accumulated other comprehensive loss consists of the following
 components
 all of which are net of tax
 except for the foreign
 currency translation adjustment:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

 Translation&#xA0;(1)
 
 
 


 Benefits&#xA0;(2)
 
 
 

 Instrument&#xA0;(3)
 
 
 


 Loss
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Balance at December&#xA0;31
 2015

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 adjustment is not net of tax
 as it pertains to the Company&#x2019;s




 
 

 postretirement benefits reclassification is presented net of tax of
 $30 thousand
 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013




 
 

 reclassification is presented net of tax of $68 thousand for the
 year ended December&#xA0;31



 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 Other Comprehensive Loss
 
 
 

 Statements&#xA0;of&#xA0;Income
 


 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Derivative financial instrument

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of defined benefit pension and postretirement
 items:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial Adjustment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Total before tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 Net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 income components are included in the computation of net periodic
 pension and postretirement cost. See Note 16 for additional




 
 

 needed to adjust the Accumulated other comprehensive loss balance



 














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 There have been no significant changes in the number of Company
 employees covered by the multiemployer plans or other significant
 events that would affect the comparability of contributions to the
 plans.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 


 
 




 




 Plan Name:

 
 

 
 

 


 December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Central States Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Fund

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The Company was listed in the following plan&#x2019;s Form 5500 as
 providing more than 5.0% of the total contributions for the
 following plan and plan years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan Name:

 





 




 Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of
 Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan

 
 

 2015
&#xA0;2014

 


 



Fair Value of Pension Plan Assets
 by Asset Category


 The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s pension plan assets at
 December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014
 by asset category is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 December&#xA0;31
 (h)
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Short Term Investment Fund (a)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Aggregate Bond Index Fund (b)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 U.S. Market Cap Equity Index Fund (c)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 International All Country World Index Fund (d)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Collective Daily 1-5 year Credit Bond Fund (e)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Emerging Markets Index Fund (f)

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund (g)

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 for cash reserves
 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of
 return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
 and money
 market instruments. Principal preservation is the primary objective




 
 

 to hold a portfolio representative of the overall United States
 bond and debt market
 as characterized by the Barclays Capital




 
 

 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Dow Jones




 
 

 to approximate the risk and return characteristics of the Morgan
 Stanley All Country World ex-US (MSCI ACWI ex-US) ND Index. This
 fund is commonly used to represent the non-U.S. equity in developed




 
 

 to hold a portfolio representative of the intermediate credit
 securities portion of the United States bond and debt markets
 as
 characterized by the Barclays Capital U.S. 1-5 year Credit Bond




 
 

 to provide investment results that replicate the overall
 performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The Fund may make
 limited use of futures and/or options to maintain equity




 
 

 to outperform the Barclay&#x2019;s Capital High Yield Index over a
 market cycle while maintaining a similar level of volatility and
 credit quality as the index. This Fund can serve as a core bond
 investment position
 providing exposure to the U.S. Fixed Income




 
 

 the
 Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to
 categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which
 fair value is measured using the net asset value per share
 practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are
 measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient
 levels within the fair value hierarchy are not provided for these



 






 The following table summarizes information about our pension and
 postretirement benefit plans for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlements

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Actuarial (gains) losses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefits paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Benefit obligation
 at end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Company contributions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefits paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liability

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Non-current liability

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net amount recognized

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 Loss:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net actuarial loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total
 before tax effect

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Postretirement
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 





 benefit costs:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 






 The key actuarial assumptions used to determine the postretirement
 benefit obligations as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and 2014 are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Health care cost trend rate for next year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Ultimate rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Year ultimate rate achieved

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the net periodic cost of our pension
 and postretirement benefit plans
 for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
 
 Benefits
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of unrecognized net loss

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 ASC 715 settlement charge

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net periodic cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The estimated amount that will be amortized from accumulated other
 comprehensive loss into net periodic cost in 2016 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Net actuarial loss (gain)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 Estimated future pension and postretirement benefit payments from
 the plans are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Benefit
 
 
 
 Benefit
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2018

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2021-25

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 






 The effect of a 1% change in health care trend rates would have the
 following effects on the postretirement benefit plan:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 




 1% Increase:

 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 end of year

 
 
 
 




 Service cost plus interest cost for the year

 
 
 
 




 1% Decrease:

 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation
 end of year

 
 
 
 




 Service cost plus interest cost for the year

 
 
 
 


 











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 





 benefit obligations:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 

































































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure of the assumed health care cost trend rates for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plans
 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.

























































Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.

























































Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost
 such as the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Other Operating Expense
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2015




 The Company incurred other operating expense for the years ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013
 respectively
 which
 consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Restructuring

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






Tabular disclosure of each detailed component of other operating costs and expenses that are applicable to sales and revenues
 but not included in the cost of sales in the income statement.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Interest paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes paid

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued purchase of property and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accrued other intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Composition of Capital Leases Reflected As Property
 Plant And Equipment in Consolidated Balance Sheets


 The composition of capital leases
 which are reflected as Property
 plant
 and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less accumulated amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 



Future Minimum Payments under Non-Cancelable Capital Leases
 Operating Leases and Purchase Obligations


 Future minimum payments at December&#xA0;31
 2015 under
 non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase
 obligations
 including input costs such as raw materials
 ingredients
 and packaging
 are summarized as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2017

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2018

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2019

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 2020

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total minimum payments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Less amount representing interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Present value of capital lease obligations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 







Tabular disclosure of minimum payments required under contracts for non-cancelable capital leases
 operating leases
 and purchase obligations.




























Tabular disclosure of long-lived
 depreciable assets that are subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Derivative
 Fair Value
 and Location on Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet


 The following table identifies the derivative
 its fair value
 and
 location on the Consolidated Balance Sheets:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 We recorded the following gains and losses on our derivative
 contracts in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
Year
 Ended
 


 
 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 


 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total unrealized gain (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 


 
 


 
 
 


 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total realized (loss)

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 







Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of
 our financial instruments as of December&#xA0;31
 2015 and
 December&#xA0;31
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2015
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2014
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 
 
 
 




 Not recorded at fair value (liability):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revolving Credit Facility

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Term Loan A

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Term Loan A-1

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 2022 Notes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Recorded on a recurring basis at fair value (liability) asset:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Commodity contracts

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency contracts

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 






Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 Financial information relating to the Company&#x2019;s reportable
 segments is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Net sales to external customers:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 

437

 
 
 

173

 
 
 

642

 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 

206

 
 
 

946

 
 
 

293

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Direct operating income:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unallocated selling and distribution expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Unallocated cost of sales (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Unallocated corporate expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Depreciation:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 North American Retail Grocery

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Food Away From Home

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Industrial and Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Corporate office (2)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 accelerated depreciation and other charges related to




 
 




 






 The geographic location of long-lived assets is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 

 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In
 thousands)
 




 Long-lived assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 United States

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Canada

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 






 The following table presents the Company&#x2019;s net sales by major
 products. In 2014
 we added a product category (Snacks) due to the
 acquisition of Flagstone. This change did not require prior period
 adjustments.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended
 December&#xA0;31

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




 Products:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Snacks

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Beverages

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Soup and infant feeding

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Salad dressings

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Beverage enhancers

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pickles

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Mexican and other sauces

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cereals

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dry dinners

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Aseptic products

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other products

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Jams

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total net sales

 
 

206

 
 
 

946

 
 
 

293

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 







Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets
 excluding financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
 by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015




 The following is a summary of our unaudited quarterly results of
 operations for 2015 and 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
(In thousands
 except per share data)
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income per common share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted (1)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 shares in July of 2014
 the sum of the four quarters may not be the




 
 





 
 




 






Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015



Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet
December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventories
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 

496

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

649

 




 Investment in subsidiaries

 
 

411

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

792

 
 
 


 




 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible and other assets
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets

 
 

112

 
 
 

974

 
 
 


 
 
 

827

 
 
 

702

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Current portion of long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Long-term debt

 
 

219

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

221

 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

854

 
 
 

411

 
 
 


 
 
 

792

 
 
 

854

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total liabilities and stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

112

 
 
 

974

 
 
 


 
 
 

827

 
 
 

702

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Balance
 Sheet
December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventories
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill

 
 


 
 
 

490

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

667

 




 Investment in subsidiaries

 
 

269

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

699

 
 
 


 




 Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible and other assets
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total assets

 
 

257

 
 
 

831

 
 
 


 
 
 

741

 
 
 

858

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Current portion of long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Long-term debt

 
 

431

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

437

 




 Deferred income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

759

 
 
 

269

 
 
 


 
 
 

699

 
 
 

759

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total liabilities and stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 

257

 
 
 

831

 
 
 


 
 
 

741

 
 
 

858

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 





Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

994

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

206

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

405

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

562

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other (income) expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

596

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

946

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

061

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

339

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 

069

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

293

 




 Cost of sales

 
 


 
 
 

644

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

818

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other operating expense
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Interest expense

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Interest income

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other (income) expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income taxes (benefit)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in net income (loss) of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 





Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive income (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Comprehensive Income
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other comprehensive income (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency translation adjustments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of
 tax

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiaries

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Comprehensive income (loss)

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 





Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2015
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 

055

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

 
 


 
 
 

034

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities

 
 

080

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 

089

 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net proceeds from issuance of stock

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Condensed Supplemental Consolidating Statement of
 Cash Flows
Fiscal Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Company
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from investing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Purchase of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Proceeds from sale of investments

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash used in investing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash flows from financing activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net borrowing (repayment) of debt

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intercompany transfer

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net receipts related to stock-based award activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Excess tax benefits from stock-based payment arrangements

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 







Tabular disclosure of condensed statement of comprehensive income (loss) including
 but not limited to
 statements of comprehensive income (loss) of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed balance sheet
 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed cash flow statement
 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed income statement
 including
 but not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013




















Credit terms to customers
 minimum








Credit terms to customers
 maximum


















































































































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015























































































































































































































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The amortization method of a major finite-lived intangible asset class. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company. The straight-line method is the preferred amortization method
 unless another method better reflects the pattern in which the asset is consumed.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


















000





















000





















000


500
000



Salad dressing plant in Seaforth
 Ontario
 Canada

















000



















869
000





















200
000










 -Subsection 3
 4



























Discloses the amount charged against the accrued restructuring reserves
 or earnings if not previously accrued
 during the period for the specified type of restructuring cost.
 -Subsection 3
 4

























































 -Subsection 3
 4










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























211





211





869















020





020





716















162





162





964




















189








 -Subsection 3
 4




























 -Subsection 3
 4




























 -Subsection 3
 4




























 -Subsection 3
 4

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jul. 29
 2014
May. 30
 2014
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013

















Business acquisition
 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price
 net of cash









009
000


652
000









667
985
000


649
794
000


667
985
000


119
204
000



Goodwill
 tax deductible







300
000











































439
476
000


423
441
000


439
476
000


768
000

































Business acquisition
 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price
 net of cash

200
000



















300
000















800
000















300
000











274
000













Goodwill
 tax deductible
























900
000













700
000







































300
000













































700
000













Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














































300
000













Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














































600
000













Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














































755
000













Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














































500
000













Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life












































Business acquisition
 cost of acquired entity
 purchase price
 net of cash



100
000





















400
000















800
000















100
000









728
000











Goodwill
 tax deductible
























300
000













000









































700
000













































516
000











Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life
















































000











Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life


















643
000











Unfavorable Contracts
 Amortization Period
















































483
000















Off-market Lease
 Unfavorable
 Weighted Average Useful Life






















































































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.






















































































Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Jul. 29
 2014
May. 30
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013

















649
794


667
985






119
204
















































640













224







Property
 plant
 and equipment





154













081













274













012
130













602)













397)













131







































700







































300







































500







































755







































600









































580













949













283





Property
 plant
 and equipment







355













425













728













752













412)













697







































516







































483




















































643)



































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.



















































































































Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands














Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustment [Line Items]






332
108





812


















Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Nonrecurring Adjustment [Line Items]






006
860





320





































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











388


148



















283


749



















574


692



















531


707




































Investments which are intended to be sold in the short term (usually less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012















919


981


475


407









240








































300)

































300

































400


600








































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of investments
 not including unrealized gains or losses on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 held at each balance sheet date and included in earnings for the period.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











007


745





535


856





427)


503)





115


098







Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount of difference between inventory at lower of LIFO cost or market and inventory at lower of other inventory accounting method cost or market
 for example
 but not limited to
 FIFO or average cost.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











100
000


400
000












900
000


300
000








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










954


097







134


117







711


333







493


010







292


557







764)


779)





Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

528


778


275







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.

























































Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










469


281


267














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











667
985


119
204







599





556


814





747)


632)





649
794


667
985



















439
476


768







599





556


991







461





591)


343)





423
441


439
476



















423


572



















156)


184)





267


423



















086


864














557)












086


086



















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013






















300
000









598
000


634
000


375
000



Total intangible assets
 excluding goodwill

655
000


298
000









The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a
h)



























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











229


995



















229


995




































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Gross Carrying Amounts and Accumulated Amortization of Intangible Assets
 with Finite Lives (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













133


673






707)


370)






426


303






















419


300






962)


462)






457


838






















964


829






831)


396)






























240


579






091)


041)






149


538






















471


763






824)


138)






647


625






















039


202






999)


333)






040


869


































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015






Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life














Finite-lived intangible assets
 useful life








Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















120





200





555





117





677







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











065


226





467


669





241


507





499


947



Health insurance
 workers' compensation
 and other insurance costs

331


602





435


479





542


430





580


860




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)





















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













































445


452


685





















181)


882)


775)





401


275


787


801


992


795


740


043


264


570


910












































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













237


447


161





276


771


185





153)


629)







360


589


816














721)


176


236)





002)




404)





717









006)


101


894)





354


690


922








































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













942


800


719





728


145


108





962)


579)


909)





423)


173)


880)



Other
 net

069


497







354


690


922





































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deductions. Including
 but not limited to
 extraterritorial income exclusion deduction
 qualified production activity deduction
 dividend deduction
 deduction for dividend paid to employee stock ownership plan
 Medicare prescription drug benefit subsidy deduction
 and other deductions.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











373


569





639


277





644


516





449


966





584


732





279


269





968


329












076)


219)





076)


219)





108)


890)


































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)




















































































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 before jurisdictional netting.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013





























Unrecognized tax benefits that would impact the effective tax rate
 if reversed



































Unrecognized tax benefits
 recognized interest and penalties in income tax expense (benefit)








Unrecognized tax benefits
 accrued payment of interest and penalties








Undistributed earnings
 foreign subsidiaries











































































































































































Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Period




























Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest (Income) Expense




























Amount of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards that are expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.



















































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













211


499


528









834





549




001





391


366







384)


163)


350)























542


211


499




























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











002


861





244
502


459
861





868)


118)





893)


994)





221
741


437
749



















000


000



















500


500



















000


500



















000


000







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
























































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Including both current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of other forms of debt not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Scheduled Maturities of Outstanding Debt
 Excluding Deferred Financing Costs (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











272







649







085







884







062







550







244
502


459
861







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
























































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 29
 2014
May. 06
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015










































000
000









 amounts outstanding under our prior  $750 million revolving credit facility (the Prior Credit Agreement).

























 which among things
 provided for a new $200 million term loan  (Term Loan A-1). Term Loan A-1 (formerly known as the Acquisition Term Loan)  was used to fund
 in part
 the acquisition of Flagstone.



























000
000





























000
000





Revolving credit facility
 term












500
000



























000
000









400
000









Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22





















































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.




























Period remaining on line of credit facility before it terminates
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May. 06
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015









































200
000





000
000







  2019









800
000







 which have been included  as a reduction to the calculation of available credit.





000
000








































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate




















Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate









































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate




















Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate

































































































Description of the interest rate as being fixed or variable
 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.






















































































Description of the credit facility's borrowing capacity including discussion of how the borrowing capacity is determined (for example
 borrowing capacity based on the amount of current assets).
 -Paragraph 19
 22



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May. 06
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













  2021









000




















500


500
















































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate


























Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate





















































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate


























Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate






































































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).




























Description of the interest rate as being fixed or variable
 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jul. 29
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015











  2019





























































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate




















Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate









































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate




















Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate




































































Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).




























Description of the interest rate as being fixed or variable
 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 11
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015



































































  2022







Redemption prices
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 Percentage








Senior notes
 early redemption description





 the Company will be required to make an offer to purchase the 2022  Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the 2022  Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest up to the purchase date.
























































































  2018





Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Period One | 2022 Notes

















Redemption prices
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 Percentage








Senior notes
 early redemption end date





  2017



Senior notes
 early redemption description





 2017 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2022  Notes redeemed
 plus an applicable make-whole premium.



Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Period Two | 2022 Notes

















Redemption prices
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 Percentage








Senior notes
 early redemption end date





  2017



Senior notes
 early redemption description





 at any time prior to March 15
 2017
  the Company may redeem up to 35% of the 2022 Notes at a redemption price of  104.875% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes redeemed with the net cash  proceeds of certain equity offerings.



Senior notes
 redemption rate of principal amount








Debt Instrument
 Redemption
 Period Three | 2022 Notes

















Senior notes
 early redemption description





  2017
 the Company may redeem some or all of the 2022 Notes at redemption prices  set forth in the Indenture.



Senior notes
 early redemption start date





  2017







Date the interest payments on long-term debt are due
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































End date of debt instrument redemption period
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Start date of debt instrument redemption period
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash inflow associated with security instrument that either represents a creditor or an ownership relationship with the holder of the investment security with a maturity of beyond one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes proceeds from (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash inflow from a borrowing with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer).






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 15
 2001
Dec. 31
 2015




















  2019



















 2001
 the Urban Redevelopment  Authority of Pittsburgh (URA) issued $4.0 million of redevelopment bonds
  pursuant to a Tax Increment Financing Plan to assist with certain aspects of  the development and construction of the Company's Pittsburgh
 Pennsylvania  facilities. The agreement was transferred to the Company as part of the  acquisition of the soup and infant feeding business.









Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











868


118



Other assets
 net

616


389





893


994





221
741


437
749

















Other assets
 net



100)







400)







700)



















400





















500






































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Jul. 22
 2014
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015











Common stock
 shares authorized



000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value












364





Common stock
 shares issued



663
000


125
563



Common stock
 shares outstanding



663
000


125
563



Preferred stock
 shares authorized



000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 par value


























Common stock
 par value










950
331







Common stock
 price per share










000


































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.














































































































































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013







































255



441



362



852



917



882



759



322



910


880


988






























052


348


418
































































709


238


396



















































































 excluded from our computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive
 were 0.7 million
 0.4 million
 and 0.5 million for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013

































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











Equity awards
 excluded from computation of diluted earnings



















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Apr. 23
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013

















877


067


118







500


800


900


















505







Stock units
 vested



674








































Compensation costs
 unrecognized



700







Compensation costs
 recognition weighted average remaining period (in years)





















Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting period










Share based compensation arrangement
 award expiration period











































Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Stock units
 vested



000





























Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting percentage
































Number of restricted stock units
 earned and deferred



000







Stock units
 vested



000





























Compensation costs
 unrecognized



600







Compensation costs
 recognition weighted average remaining period (in years)
































Compensation costs
 unrecognized



700







Compensation costs
 recognition weighted average remaining period (in years)










Share based compensation arrangement
 award vesting period










Stock units
 vested














































































































































TreeHouse Foods
 Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan























000
000













300
000











300
000











A predefined percentage by which accrued performance units
 less any units previously accrued
 are multiplied.
















































































































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.






















































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.






















































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
















Outstanding
 Beginning Balance



























Outstanding
 Ending Balance






Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2015






Exercisable
 at December 31
 2015






Outstanding
 Ending Balance






Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2015






Exercisable
 at December 31
 2015






Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

396





Outstanding
 Ending Balance

793


396



Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2015

697





Exercisable
 at December 31
 2015

866



















Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

858


























Outstanding
 Ending Balance

918


858



Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2015

869





Exercisable
 at December 31
 2015

235



















Outstanding
 Beginning Balance













Outstanding
 Ending Balance






Vested/expect to vest
 at December 31
 2015






Exercisable
 at December 31
 2015
























































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.



















































































































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013






































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















674)















000





000





000)





000)





000








































000





000





000)





000



























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013










































Employee service share-based compensation
 tax benefit realized from vested equity instruments other than options.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















674)















000





000










000)





000
































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013










































Employee service share-based compensation
 tax benefit realized from vested equity instruments other than options.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013















331)


763)


640)






186)


637)


682)








931)


559






137)


568)


123)






468)


331)


763)


























326)


689)


007)






186)


637)


682)






186)


637)


682)






512)


326)


689)


























005)


074)


525)








931)


451








931)


451






956)


005)


074)






























































 $(3
683) thousand
 and $4
592 thousand for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013










































Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











Pension and post-retirement reclassification adjustment
 tax



683)


592



Derivative reclassification adjustment
 tax









































Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount of tax (expense) benefit
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013















































474)


036)


304)






401


275


787


801


992


795


740


043


264


570


910






















354


690


922






255


441


362


852


917


882


759


322


910


880


988






































































































































































































































576




880






636)








434)








636)


434)


717


















































614)


043
























683


592)
























931)


451


























The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.




























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.














































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













700
000


000
000


900
000























040
000


060
000







600
000











000























Targeted equities percentage under investment policy
 minimum








Targeted equities percentage under investment policy
 maximum



































Targeted equities percentage under investment policy
 minimum








Targeted equities percentage under investment policy
 maximum
































































000


000







000







Multiemployer Plans
 Pension



















400
000


500
000


400
000





000


000





Other Multiemployer Plans
 Pension


























Multiemployer Plans
 Postretirement Benefit



















600
000


500
000


200
000





























































































































































Amount of net gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit cost as a result of an irrevocable action that relieves the employer (or the plan) of primary responsibility for a benefit obligation and eliminates significant risks related to the obligation and the assets used to effect the settlement. Examples of transactions that constitute a settlement include
 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.






















































































Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.











































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013












































































  2016







Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan









































































  2017

















































































  2016











The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.






















































































Indicate the multiemployer plan's certified zone status as currently required by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 or a subsequent amendment thereof. The zone status categories are red (critical status)
 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
 and NA.  A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.




























Expiration date of the collective bargaining arrangement requiring contributions to the multiemployer plan
 in CCYY-MM-DD format. A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.




























Indicate whether a funding improvement plan or rehabilitation plan has been implemented or is pending for a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. The acceptable values are no
 pending
 implemented
 other
 and NA.

























































Indicate whether the employer paid a surcharge to the pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. The acceptable values are no
 yes
 and NA.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Rockford Area Dairy Industry Local 754
 Intl. Brotherhood of Teamsters Retirement Pension Plan











 2014
 and 2013







Multiemployer Plans
 Year Contributions to Plan Exceeded More Than Five Percent of Contributions

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fair Value of Pension Plan Assets
 by Asset Category (Detail) - Pension Benefits - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013

















353



312



761



Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Short Term Investment Fund



































Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Aggregate Bond Index Fund


























945



312






Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | US Market Cap Equity Index Fund


























613



858






Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | International All Country World Index Fund


























421



407






Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Collective Daily 1-5 year Credit Bond Fund


























787



234






Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Emerging Markets Index Fund


























417



375






Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Daily High Yield Fixed Income Fund


























942



074










 the Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient





 which seeks to offer a competitive rate of return through a portfolio of high-grade
 short term
































































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013















700



000



900

























Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year

605



672








374



107



407





850



772



466
















813)



707








165)



751)






Benefit obligation
 at end of year

851



605



672














Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

312



761











242








040



060








165)



751)






Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

353



312



761





498)



293)



















498)



293)








498)



293)



















785



228








374



581






Total
 before tax effect

159



809




























Benefit obligation
 at beginning of year

463



155


















































Benefit obligation
 at end of year

020



463



155






































020)



463)






























849)



312)








020)



463)







































Total
 before tax effect













 the Company adopted ASU 2015-07
 which removes the requirement to categorize investments within the fair value hierarchy for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. As the fair values of all of these assets are measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient







The pretax total of net gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
























































The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.




























Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.




























Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.




























The aggregate net amount recognized in the balance sheet associated with the defined benefit plan(s). Will normally be the same as the Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
























































1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.




























The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.



















































































































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.




























The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.



















































































































For a classified balance sheet
 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


















323


497







For defined benefit pension plans
 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014

































































































































































The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan
 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.

























































Year the ultimate health care cost trend rate is expected to be reached
 in CCYY format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013






















374


107


407





850


772


466





064)


217)


665)














528




733














895


096


396


























































































































































































The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
























































Amount of net gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit cost as a result of an irrevocable action that relieves the employer (or the plan) of primary responsibility for a benefit obligation and eliminates significant risks related to the obligation and the assets used to effect the settlement. Examples of transactions that constitute a settlement include
 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013

























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























530


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























251





186





487





602





736





796












































































Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Benefit obligation
 end of year









Benefit obligation
 end of year











































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













817


421


947



Total other operating expense
 net

817


421


947




































Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 one-time termination benefits
 termination of an operating lease or other contract
 consolidating or closing facilities
 and relocating employees
 and termination benefits associated with an ongoing benefit arrangement. Excludes expenses associated with special or contractual termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
 -Subsection 3
 4



























The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental [Line Items]










940


598


998





059


590


533





925


497


824





988


005


664







Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental [Line Items]




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental [Line Items]








Restricted stock
 restricted stock units and performance units
 vesting shares












Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental [Line Items]






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013








































































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Composition of Capital Leases Reflected As Property
 Plant And Equipment in Consolidated Balance Sheets (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











926


186





157)


691)





769


495








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Future Minimum Payments under Non-Cancelable Capital Leases
 Operating Leases and Purchase Obligations (Detail)














105





360

























914










747





925





533





082





756





664





637





597





799





722





868





924





982





042





337

































































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.

























































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the recorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























000
000



Derivative
 expiration period














Derivative
 expiration period






764













Derivative
 expiration period






200
000













Derivative
 expiration period






400
000













Derivative
 expiration period






500
000







Aggregate notional amount of derivative expressed in nonmonetary units. For example
 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.

























































Description of the relevant terms of the derivative. Includes the type of instrument
 risk being hedged
 notional amount
 counterparty
 inception date
 maturity date
 relevant interest rates
 strike price
 cap price
 and floor price.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Derivative
 Fair Value
 and Location on Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Asset derivative
 fair value

356





Liability derivative
 fair value

778


044










Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Asset derivative
 fair value

356












Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Liability derivative
 fair value

778


044







Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]






Mark to market unrealized (loss) gain
 commodity



051)





348)









051)



Commodity contracts | Other expense
 net






Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]






Mark to market unrealized (loss) gain
 commodity



051)










Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








169)





Foreign Currency Contract | Other expense
 net






Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]






Mark to market unrealized gain (loss)
 foreign currency

356












Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








821










 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
























































The difference between the book value and the sale price of options
 swaps
 futures
 forward contracts
 and other derivative instruments. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings.




























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of open agreements to purchase or sell mineral resources
 energy
 and agricultural products at some future point held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.




























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








778)


044)





356





Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Revolving Credit Facility






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








000)


000)



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Term Loan A






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








500)


500)



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Term Loan A-1






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








000)


500)



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | 2022 Notes






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








000)


000)



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








388


148



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Commodity contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








778)


044)



Carrying Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Foreign Currency Contract | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








356





Fair Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Revolving Credit Facility






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








932)


085)



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Term Loan A






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








327)


070)



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Term Loan A-1






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








200)


716)



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | 2022 Notes






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








000)


000)



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








388


148



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Commodity contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








778)


044)



Fair Value | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring | Foreign Currency Contract | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2






Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]








356









Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
























































Fair value portion of investment securities
 including
 but not limited to
 marketable securities
 derivative financial instruments
 and investments accounted for under the equity method.
 -Subparagraph a
 f
 g






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)

















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013































414


638


208


145


513


726


960


903


206
405


946
102


293
927






















904


159


563






















503)


602)


998)






















562
102)


339
498)


818
378)






















736


154


164






















472)


584)


254)






401


275


787


801


992


795


740


043


264


570


910






















469


281


267










































































437
768


173
391


642
190






















827


943


699






















953


220


962










































































360


069


868






















057


107


110






















581


472


327










































































277


642


869






















020


109


754






















047


266


379










































































888


323


599










































































934)


159)


284)


























728)






















064)


848)


387)


























Gross profit less freight out
 sales commissions and direct selling and marketing expenses.



















































































































Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates | Sales Revenue
 Net | Customer Concentration Risk

















Concentration risk
 percentage








Walmart Stores
 Inc. and affiliates | Trade Receivables | Customer Concentration Risk

















Concentration risk
 percentage








Outside of the United States | Sales Revenue
 Net | Customer Concentration Risk

















Concentration risk
 percentage








Canada | Sales Revenue
 Net | Geographic Concentration Risk

















Concentration risk
 percentage












For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013











Property
 plant and equipment
 net

528


778


275





















Property
 plant and equipment
 net

933


850


170





















Property
 plant and equipment
 net

595


928


105







Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013





























414


638


208


145


513


726


960


903


206
405


946
102


293
927







































































993


281









































































828


829


547







































































444


917


404







































































577


859


577







































































190


179


290







































































176


621


904







































































873


979


171







































































761


739


843







































































600


285


075







































































723


635


136







































































037


720


650







































































203


058


330


















Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013





































414



638



208



145



513



726



960



903



206
405


946
102


293
927





798



697



371



437



348



588



677



991



303


604


549





401



275



787



801



992



795



740



043



264


570


910





255



441



362



852



917



882



759



322



910


880


988














































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012















919


981


475


407





388


148







Accounts receivable
 net

198


656







Inventories
 net

115


098









583


989









203


872







Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

528


778


275







649
794


667
985


119
204





Intangible and other assets
 net

271


687









702
796


858
322




















580


860









893


994









473


854









221
741


437
749









108


890









615


572









854
859


759
257


273
118


179
255





702
796


858
322































108

































618)


825)









618)


825)









792
488)


699
975)









092)


578)









827
198)


741
378)




















618)


825)









618)


825)









092)


578)









792
488)


699
975)









827
198)


741
378)































384


706


268





Accounts receivable
 net












625


849









026


601







Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

294


411









411
533


269
325







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

266


606









092


578







Intangible and other assets
 net

041


708









112
252


257
229




















526


002









621


121









147


123









219
011


431
761









235


088









854
859


759
257









112
252


257
229

































592


869





Accounts receivable
 net

231


155







Inventories
 net

308


513









580


065









156


325







Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

708


613









496
484


490
768









955


650







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

738)


593)







Intangible and other assets
 net

114


236









974
679


831
999




















938


257









050


595









988


852









062


027









588


295









508


500









411
533


269
325









974
679


831
999































498


683


338


138





388


148







Accounts receivable
 net

950


455







Inventories
 net

807


585









996


900









639


771







Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

526


754









310


217







Intercompany accounts receivable (payable)
 net

528)


013)







Intangible and other assets
 net

116


743









063


472




















734


426









222


278









956


704









668


961









612


173









872


984









955


650









063


472











Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges. Also includes Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of other noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet due to materiality considerations.




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of noncurrent deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total investments in (A) an entity in which the entity has significant influence
 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
 and (C) an entity in which the reporting entity shares control of the entity with another party or group. Includes long-term advances receivable from a party that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)



























Receivables to be collected from (obligations owed to) related parties
 net as of the balance sheet date where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.




























Investments which are intended to be sold in the short term (usually less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) including trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 held-to-maturity securities
 and other short-term investments not otherwise listed in the existing taxonomy.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]


























414


638


208


145


513


726


960


903


206
405


946
102


293
927





















562
102


339
498


818
378





798


697


371


437


348


588


677


991


303


604


549



Selling
 general and administrative expense

















152


395


063





















598


634


375



Other operating expense
 net

















817


421


947





















736


154


164





















474


036


304





















967)




185)























019





Other (income) expense
 net

















965


519


135





401


275


787


801


992


795


740


043


264


570


910





















354


690


922





255


441


362


852


917


882


759


322


910


880


988




























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










































720)


809)


459)





















720)


809)


459)





















664)


871)























664


871























716)


126)


716)





















716)


126)


716)




























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
























Selling
 general and administrative expense

















201


632


951





















097


521


445





















298)


153)


396)





















808


316


358





















450)



























019





Other (income) expense
 net










































649)


508)


751)





















215)


761)


438)





















344


627


301





















910


880


988




























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










































994
438


596
451


069
073





















405
134


061
598


644
614





















304


853


459



Selling
 general and administrative expense

















041


106


073





















332


409


351



Other operating expense
 net

















817


365


741





















114


973


294














































664)


900)





Other (income) expense
 net

















311


329


007)





















260


024


346





















288


896


460























499


585)





















344


627


301




























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










































687


460


313





















688


709


223





















999


751


090



Selling
 general and administrative expense

















910


657


039





















169


704


579



Other operating expense
 net





















206





















920


334


266





















123


071























517)




254)



Other (income) expense
 net

















661


168


145





















347)


054


685)





















719)


445)


900























499


585)


















The net amount of other non-operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are not associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015

Jun. 30
 2015

Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014

Jun. 30
 2014

Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]




























255


441


362


852


917


882


759


322


910


880


988
















































186)


637)


682)



Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax




















931)


451



Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax












































137)


568)


123)






















773


312


865





























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]












































716)


126)


716)
















































323


205


913






















393)


921)


803)





























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]












































910


880


988





























Derivative reclassification adjustment
 net of tax






































































137)


568)


231)






















773


312


865





























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]












































344


627


301





























Pension and postretirement reclassification adjustment
 net of tax




















931)


451
























931)


451






















186)


637)


682)






















207


059


070





























Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]














































499


585)
















































186)


637)


682)






















186)


637)


682)






















814)


138)


267)















 $(3
683)
 and $4
592 for the years ended December 31
 2015
 2014
 and 2013










































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










318


957


690












Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

734)


575)


780)





362)


643)


403)



Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired



009)


652)









140)
















842







321)


089
906)


850)














504)


400


055







364







834


832


291





329


593


372














556)


189


718





503)


734)


490)





062)


506


932)



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

981


475


407



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

919


981


475












Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










700)


138)
















342


138







342


138
















358









358
















Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










954


103


540)












Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment



201)







830)


012)


923)





421)


055
537)







125)


080
750)


971)














742)


595


000





643


577


116







364







834


812


291





329


737


372














151)


085


779





322)


562)


268



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

706


268





Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

384


706


268












Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










395


848


857












Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

079)


843)


530)





406)


516)


480)





063)


876





Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired



034
894)


158)







457







083)


920)


202)














510)


504)


939)





357)


577)


116)























867)


205)


055)





555)


277)


600



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

592


869





Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year



592


869












Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]










669


144


373












Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

781)


531)


202)
















477)





Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired



885


494)









140)























455)


374)


677)














252)


691)







644)









896)


691)







503)


734)


490)





185)


345


800)



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

683


338


138



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

498


683


338







The net cash inflow (outflow) associated with the tax withholding payments on behalf of employees upon the net settlement of their restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 or performance share units
 and the cash proceeds received from the exercise of stock options.




























The net increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the total amount due after one year (or one operating cycle) from intercompany transactions and the total amount payable after one year (or one operating cycle) from intercompany transactions
 associated with transactions that are classified as financing activities.




























Payments For Proceeds From Intercompany Receivables
 Investing Activities




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.



















































































































The cash inflow associated with the sale
 maturity and collection of all investments such as debt
 security and so forth during the period.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands






Jan. 29
 2016
Jan. 26
 2016
Jan. 20
 2016
Feb. 01
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014

























364





























Shares issuable
 in relation to the acquisition
 value



500


000







Shares issuable
 in relation to the acquisition
 shares



269
230


538
461







Shares issuable
 in relation to the acquisition
 price per share
















600




600













  2016













700
000







































025
000





Debt Instrument
 term












Debt instrument
 leverage ratio






































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate






































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate






































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate






































Debt instrument
 basis spread on variable rate








































  2016













000


























  2024













 beginning August 15
 2016.













400






400































Shares issuable
 in relation to the acquisition
 shares





730
769







Shares issuable
 in relation to the acquisition
 price per share













































Date when the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Value of equity interests (such as common shares
 preferred shares
 or partnership interest) issued or issuable to acquire the entity.

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date the debt instrument was issued
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of long-term debt arrangements
 which are debt arrangements that originally require full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer
 and disclosures pertaining to the underlying arrangements
 including repayment terms
 conversion features
 interest rates
 restrictions on assets and activities
 debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements. Types of long-term debt arrangements include borrowing under notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 term loans
 and other contractual obligations for payment.




























The cash inflow from additional borrowings
 net of cash paid to third parties in connection with debt origination.






















































































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013













333











023




































333









Total of the adjustments in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.




























Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.

























































Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 acquired in a business combination.




























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

  ()0   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W;RTX;

MA[?V)IIT?:MO3!0KE4?U.'@S^'
_[[&XO/BZ-=:VC3G[]%B8]UXM]#1U;:U]



MR!P)9(X4

A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJPE1=:2
M(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*K5%UI(B:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476




M9@



\Q1#J='E_G=V7SS]?^^;;P]WN\NU!NYO?


M[4$#&:1@9 S

UV*\E@%;C-@R9(LQ6P9M

MZ%V

M=V7TKD;ORNA=C=Z5T;L:O2MTUL0=-F'TKD;ORNA=C=Z5T;L:O2NC=S-Z-T;O
M9O1NC-[-Z-T8O9O1NS%Z-Z-W8_1N1N_&Z-V

FV-2/:8-
JDBTR:94)



&ULO5G;





7_EL=P?*]7YO1E

VF*%526L]U$R#
MF&&1YU0OW+H\DQQ\#E%&!DFBO!4$//($EA7@!.-*4#54EAF!*(C[
]'!O\6

MAFL&(3=*I;^X$$[TJ[1 2WPL&!D8$PO$\C 



$\?/\?7V

M!&F%RIA
8I%UR32?@T5S!BMCG



M/5&1'9@JC*FEJJ/#1JJJW\4F9]7+;G-2O7R

M31WWVM


\4(\)\T ]YF '
 <.A
'&200 ?%

MEI]UMO6ZX3BH8* W=U
HWJP]28[M4^


M.73TF2ONE4 /8OYFXRK F^[!=G*C*9XPQD+8HZK%$:/W 1O&QM6Z_7-!&4
MG==H2BWYCEW


M;EV\;K9CK:]AES\MEAA\W/A!\=7/AYW-W[W[_P%02P
$%     @ IX!22)H1
M^E@_ 0  :0

V3P4[#
 R&7P7UWJ7=


MFK 84

*JC!8&#Y*&=)^6)VQC:F8(.^


M^?MQL@M_@^&Z&^+?.CX;I.VBQ@JNWUI%V7/@FD($BO'6IKKL(1YIN88&'_
M\0D2KP=U0KIL.V@;ZU4HZ7X-T?'EQ)5MK&]/J1_1Q:LJOP!02P
$%     @




B0103 9IZ_P
MP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1




M


QK!1J\;=8=HTCQZ_@7YG#4*')$;






9FV-J/D




M&+81MXB22!+C3!$C=&O=

M


@$


!?$UW0/




MIOV[




M5\W!



MCE251Z=50RK11=7=/-H:

4PQDAC+$FYQK99TUJZ&B]D& L<'V7_M.1$
M(=#A=4AN(J![4=W33X8=Q
N0TT0 U5]6-10.-+L
J4P$+&D[UA08'MY&U^0D

#=WRT77





MTEZ
$-N1@.U_6V6I@J&02P&3RJ(0_3=WBP? $3(\$A@^)RGE0UFPZU-=O=N^

=M

MN/$
I9#@L4!P;XH;SU$*81X+

2^S)=B0$[9<4R@NS?SI1B04R0\
M%0COS7SI%*60\%0@O#=-I$AXBH2G$N&N
65PE2].+]HB^D@W
*PRA#:40L)3




MFF?+0?M\Y4VKD(S/



NGU(^U2@G4L1L+Y9
M3LDK6=2,Z1])D;QK*9HC#='FTMHX*5MWIF2/M



35QB@7H0N]8V]$S]F/%+9?Q!



M[*REZO!Y2Y
-L9D'B'/


C'F -./L;[6^8V+

M;;R-'[7R#:[/3(QY@#3JW !QZ1] :DM_'.VL;NJTZ)/3(QYP.^/.Y^*/;&



(!/2/'
D9C;?R7-F) RD
M

802;42NY(Y#8_]4J

8[00RB%<9Z[D476.=D2=M(7#A[L
MZ:43YI@<5H=+S4H?_=$#7A9G?(_
3O5'0]V5

M#9.&'(4:SN28F8N(F0AZOM^KALM=^0]02P
$%     @ IX!22!(J\@
3!

M_D:VW62WN/VI\N?V5)]7C3\\K[_4RY8+QD4?YW\M47GJ][\2UW_Z_^V#^O





MW(*Q





GU'F:LN$G&S

\-)71[IM%06
3N=V]5)W75T-
M;_N'NNY\2








M(6]T)%0+*YX!H3H@+)Q'^GF)\IE='N7Z-_U]5*^AWBN*;D3WL0C80-?.^
MC^A

&W;ZW8T3])BLKD-T62(;H8P
M?FB DP'.#

C\3HCHA$;B,B&B.]39 ;2'HM2?+(I:EM30@A

M2)3
B!*;*'
2)7;93A2W8I$AG3&D-D/N7)_TF?59%V29#.2S8IG&\CLY(4



M:H[5*:K][FGQ+!XS

MN]_XHN@S=2W_
R7]:+
/Q-?7[%^'[G;R7_+&;ZKB[^.V/71JDT6T];O\K6A_



M-D!. ?(C0/TV0$T!*@B(QZX

MOMU0--W3]U4*R_B]SS
A





63B(
MTG0

 4D@:%P1




\JBNO19FGM3HMW[SJ5
IT









MEX%996!&&:PYUS'7!F-


AK#!%0!D+ 2VQ


1L@J'C(=%


2[]!X@$!^F/S'0+0%U@L
M



5R_@=02P
$%
M  @ IX!22*



MA'@@Q \$[(YB+^)



YNL%@EGE59;Q]JX%D;
M




MKAG *OK9.1HUT&LV6

I388U@M)LL492FAW6*$JSQQI]UT2V7K)HN!4MAJ(!

M.\]#G#4@13'&4PRCBIC:4CA1=&.&%23D79=*HM(DH52[:=5D+M++1;HE
M\YA



MHR:#50H]W.ZZ91\;C,10?F0EG:20D!D7PJ

M-G+K^](R9

;W(L








_G!KM=QL2PF[V]?:POKLY/?MT

M;0^K8_-XN_XHKRMS@IP0_VR;MRYZOQK)?VG;K^.'OQYNUV+DT.R:^WX
40\O


#



;05, YH+8#-'9+FB-S2EJ3EP'98Q0
M+*2*(4Z]3T*=2:AIG K&J=\/H,\!IH\?=10@)//DIH%.D,/4A]1!@Y6QC ?
MO&=1%:#L 'N?LDG&;&#




MDEDK1Z8^(F
C69IF#;DQ5&H\:? (*1:2 X(-I$.&^TF3TH[-Q/.Z.F/FQ3
H




[Y

M9/:E4Q75H**.K^ZUP%Q=

M2BHG





NQY#](@P\X(WA@0)A=V8Q7E,[98NI4TC5(NE_X;I.; +&D
MLS'.F(7B$*-I%U1&4IK4'PSX U_/%R96=
#GU(EP+35\X&L*UR#C^
:D_
M&/ 'G_0TWU8:N%K0008.5@*

M

$%

M;6R%4]MNHS 0_17+'U 3DEX4$:0FU6KW8:6J#[O/#@Q@U?90VX3V[^L+T*2*

\=C4XQH7FT'X




MQ/8\W-UJZ^$FB'AE8J.:2:?W1JVOGLK5PUW!3D%HPB3*_@*S()A7O]HBIY?T



M='





/$6VP0'7@3V=4-)9T?_R61T+@0

!  !P P  &0


2YX;6R%4]M.XS 0_17+'X#3E&N51J*L
M$#P@(1[@V4TFB87MR=I. W^/+TEH$=I]B6?&YYPY'CO%B.;==@.?BI[99V










F;K'A2W%SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D),NS[=37&A:




G]\U\3:T+X96/37H1*7$X+.][_<FJ?U!+ P04     G


RYX;6R%
M4]MNG# 0_17+'Q #F^UEQ2)E$U7)0Z4H#^VS%P:P8GN(;9;D[^


3L8X$TD
'1$#LJQ<W;21.1YK3I? DNMZ% JM*MO(:



O



M
*]^L45.S^GY3W_/WT]TZ^3P_6_';

)!NW0C
M2W49KH?X!NP+7A8];^&9FU9H2P[H_
/$6VP0'7@3V=6&DLZ/_Y)(:%P(;WUL


O
M5HIR2

*[2:V&;)_OWX F5E%FPON;E=5E]NFG-\V1[ D0\EM=W1WKEA









M@)


J_SVIF3'(#1C$F5_AED1S*M_VJ*@Y_3BA%Y\3]\L],OD</.5
MPX39GV-N/S1A)R-18+IX\Y;4.&J7)K)6U\=U5\21OL.K<N =/'+36W) 9V_


M;(5374^L


MU4*!M@(U



^GTWJCUU5/I[ZM@IR T81+EL

M\7_Z=J;_20ZWOSE
F

MP@

O#-#8=K M

SSES.BWEA.;%]@.OFI[8'VS@U[QFS=@^+V @?0?J=%


M)-0N*'_G.$6I QOO'KK/G1

MWG''J]+@1.S P]WM]AYN@HA7)C:JF71Z;]3ZZKG*L[QDYR T8Q+EN
7L5@3S

MQ.&PO._U)ZO^ E!+ P04     G@%)(2879AI4!  !P P  &0   'AL+W=O




3@-&N8A*\
MGQ!?0O*G/M L6  )E0L*W]GN 
I@Y!O_#II?K0
Q'4\J]_'TWKW)V[A#N6S

MT(1)E.






M*G%T4FAX








2YX;6R%4\M.





MIO](#K??.4R8PSGFYE



M=#(R+GAM;(5374^L



^YY0G C%0KC*HO'4*-K\RQVO
M2H
3L0
/=Y=O/=P$$:]


M971S+W-H965T
C


^US0C$3BI7P



MA'L?F_0B4N)P6-[W^I-5?P%02P

  !D


%KO


!]A'P1KE#9^23U:AVJA4*+X6UJ%CNN4
M=O;93/N:4



N?ZK





MH#W2F_QPV@5$!/P6
-E-3(+W
^)32.Z;(\V!9!0NZ# _7*!6Y R/G&?V?-


M.=Q]Y#!A3J\QUV^:L



#]
+T&RY'


MRT]6O0-02P







M2AIH^2C=(TX_83[=1L4=KX)?5H':J%0HGBKVD5.JY3VMEE
^UC0C$3BI5P


F$MN2$SE]
G&*+Z



  !D


+=X  F[+1HM? AM1US@P71)))6C!?%9Z:%-+0J4^W15B6.

U&?1$ OMD=[M#J=]13








]R!E$/*-_\R:GRT#


HARWF'Q%


P+GAM
M;(53VT[C

/NLYM



1-D&P


O

#B!QW-,-
MG0N/HNU<*+R8 NO%@JT%:B)@69/[S:[PS8@(N!)P&A7


MJ2[#=1??@'W RZ+G+?SEIA7:DA


R+GAM;(53RT[D

:+5[



M=Y/B\A^5







]-*[0E)W3^8N(4&T0'WD1VL:.D


S+GAM;(53VVZC





T+GAM;(53


5BY1-%34/D:(\M

*[2&V6=*_CR] 2!6U+WAF
M?,Z9X[$I)S0OM@=PY$U);8^T=VXX,&;K'A2W5SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D
M)

H@
MY!N_SIH?+0-Q&R_J]_&TWOV96[A#^5LTKO=F
TH::/DHW3-./V$^PG40K%':

M965T


7;[*A5*%WUO5RFS1*#8]I*@\-940^\('V
M^LJ)T:47HIS*@=!R=$&L2[-LVR9,M+V25W9O1=15_RBNK:G+P+)V-$_-O1


-: (YH0= 'OE
M7<3[#B.6$3P$O/(MYJ0!',?L ]HL\W@A $<P)6P'VZKR












M?[+J'U!+ P04     G@%)(:! [3

M='

M92?/-Q& 0JJ


A&!!





M8NS)U!5.3@H-3X;822EN_IY!XGRB.5T#SZ(?7 BPNF(;KA4*M!6HB8'N1!_R
MX[D

M7]
I=#SG=%/D^QC0+$ B@WP)8O4Z$H\RMWO*X
SL2./+Q=?O3I)I!X9F(C



M;6R%4\MNW# 



-@
H;N]P!.UO.C2*.^^:GMG1






M(H[T/;VN1M[##VYZH2VYH/



5MU


=F63H/V


!3]%8L/
M& -)2!H1I


M$SK

G$&V:^)C_^%S)RB3Q!':;)CYF



M;J




MOIWIM\GA=DW/LFN'7.ZPNSO_FG5B-18-IX\Y94.&B7)K)4E\?UD


SI_






4;$OPM0WI^#
M33 6WNNR4J: TP1/O+QFT


M
[(Q?Q!%TD3P'LF6F'^W.6FX

HESEF
M

SC?9/=PF0W%W@



M3](TH% HTXUU7[A;Z@:*M^.;
SU\Z7]02P









P
MDNP]K5S%=4Q_=KN)=IN0381L(3S0:#PUBC:?F6-E8?2(;
_[#8'#S=!QLC
M&]5

Y=@FGC];*HTH-RZ=B7ZG*#
M'[
XMP]X6?2LA5_




M[)X]T( 5VTUL
V3_?OT PD21]H*[VU75Y;8I)S1OM@=PY$-);0^T=V[8
V;K
M'A2W5SB ]CLM&L6=3TW'[& -Y&D),NS[)8I+C2MREA[,56)HY-PXLA=E2*




X%

!3]%8L/,L,
MS(&*9.J:A\J17EHGSUP610;4]L

M6G'Q:BF[L^^+O :*Q1/KH%5O2L8IEFK)*U]T''!A2)3X41 D/L5-ZV6IV7OE





2'=9W%YX5G&L1I8R$



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0X+GAM;(U3RVZD,!#\%<L?
M$ -#LJL1@Y1)%&4/*T4Y[)X]T( 5/XAMANS?KQ] 8#12<L'=355UV6T7H])O
MI@.PZ$-P:0ZXL[;?$V*J#@0U-ZH'Z?XT2@MJ7:I;8GH-M XDP4F6)'=$49Q
M683:BRX+-5C.)+QH9 8AJ/YW!*[& T[Q7'AE;6=]@90%67@U$R -4Q)I: [X







M0)SX=3^CX.7UQIV=#A LOPJ4?X8#9^YC5<Y
L

D\
M@774Q
=LGIOD@4D^%5BD41
?


_U%Y+EI%3@(








<O\-R
MA$,0;%#:^7-9!VJE4*)XJ]I%3JN<]HI[Q?:QX1B(10;X3Z+QE.C:/
K=[RN
M#

M;^G%CE[\GUZN]$_)87GC
+]UF##G6\S[)FPW$@6FCS=O28.3=FDB6W5[7 ]%

A_.)CDUY$2AR.

M:&5E='

2YX;6R%4]MNI# 
_94H']!PF=E6(P:ITVJU^[!2U8?V
M.0

!6/*A9&^.M+-V.#!FJ@X4


MYIW?]9$F7@)(J*QGX.ZXP -(Z8E
##RA?16T[


&ULA5/;;J
P$/T5RQ]0
M$Y*TW8@@-:U6NP\K57W8?79@ *LVP]HF=/]^?0$*4:2^X)GAG#/''CL;4+^;


M-H?3SB


M'4;
NYA8[*9'
M-+_D_#]02P,$%     @ IX!22,,7V#:G 0  U0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T-3

RT8A!RF2U2@XK13GLGCW0
M@!4_6-L






MXW/.'(]-

MDBS/LBU37&A:%K'V;

?:!8L@(3*!07NES
\@)1!
&#=\X_H;K$39!L$)I
MXY=4@W6H)@HEBE_2*G1<Q[2SF6A?$_(K(9\)/[-H/#6*-G]QQ\OX$ALS\/=




M^1]02P




J3.

M+@(P*(U3('8XPP




M3K*]
-FN!#973=:8[









$?;D*^%K%HVG1M'F
M-^YX51J<B!UXN+O=T<--$/'*Q$8UDT[OC5I?O5;%85^R:Q:
8ERWF)V*X)Y







E?/03.LS9PQS
M^R;;&Y.M)QMFOB8_^AD=V.R\P0VJR8^9GO?)+DQ23R!W:J)CTEN3/!B@AB(



_SALWD!8@@B<N%8 8[G /$9)(O'G


MM8@FL
M;)

MQKSP5?)9DMP26-RO76[L5Y%[









M$&*U]-.6]Z9%P'.!0$!:!_3YY90L.@8CXF0;HXSV_-RIL6'
NW/S?4*VXWS



M:&5E='



@2$OCN
MW.&V.U[=99\ACC

2)/4
Q(P!@90M3F8K:1:2P]97R9P1A\I$^!K(&! I99M.9CNC6<PX;#VQ
M *.H*H6X4D!.*EFE&TVE2W$) N(&6P](PF
X@14



M;)5678^C(!3]*\8?


MD9SPI1)OM/M!!@^A(CS0BO?_SN'!:UO(:Y3XP]]+9O^VND[83*$S0? (0.


6$
26T_A9IXFE
M(+GG--).DXG39*'3U

A;*J!_
MS_+PX1M VG(



M.\R
)ZK\/U!+ P04     G@%)(_A[/?G
^\)$1X'TW=\IU?M%M@X ?

8)/.JFI P1 $C2X:OTBUV.OK
CI5=152UZ9
MQZ]-@]F_/:EIO_.A/PZ\59=2J(&@R(
I[U0UI.45;3U&SCO_&6[W2(?HB-\5
MZ?FL[:GB#Y2^J\[/T\X'J@92DZ-0$E@^;N2%U+52DN2_@^@G4R7.VZ/Z=SU=
@S_,
MLVKULS=O,CDW4] 0P*:$LQ*! :DR_R&!2YR1GN/=UAM'MS*<*9$I++'M1HS

I^'@.GB$JWT4@?YF.%HCLL4 XH2FQG N$#H(
M1*- 9 2B106;Y2134Z6):74

F:
M\HSTV?P97N0=OI!?F%VJEGL'*N0)KX_C,Z6R#+ D_Q<2WF1FCHU.0O53&6;



MLONP

0A#P#*BV-9_:RW6=;



MT=ENLRNR?;TK][

[%]T:
MLCQ[;CH7:?ORGJVR/.\\M9%_C4[_Q.P





MOS?W:9
N%U5YG-6'M#NQ\J:%5YV3UO.L[KU5PY:WNU.WW[XOP=A%]-XY&C&J
MQ]QAC MA5A@3AS#W/D:K$&3M0X*(A^M.'GV(TV=(U-(1Y$2=.-$#)PKEDEQW

=R-HS-B 8AXOJ6@T


\4]P(I6





M4

O


 'F!) F


9AB*N_?C$INE
M)A3WZ

23#^'9E,*FG&PCI'39=*JU8-4RAI/158
LB)
1'+#*

K+F2%'I0-0R&%L@8R*X R'
K3?)J&
MH0R!2HU1(-D6_'!0]'3 1#+:B_3G TK9:T\HQ66M/%TG[QFPM:@;S9
5S9


MT09P$8(GPG!KE0


T3?#!-!





M329SL7M-6UK-J+A Z^S;+W_4$=.DS$T%_



/UBZL#Y

=M5Z1^(H


M

M 4K08X-X-
#6('8R\#!8+S)8.P;8_4JIW:;5M$:#


&L74QF




&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#8V+GAM;)55VXZ;,!3\%<0'K+$A7*M$M5M0^55OO0/CN)
M$] :3&TG;/^^OD 6++0A+]C'S QS!K#SGO%W41$BO8^&MF+G5U)V6P#$H2(-
M%D^L(ZVZ<V*\P5*5_ Q$QPD^&E)# 0J&#2X;OTB-VNOO
C91=*Z):_
<_PVT)D888Q.^:]&(R
M][3Y/6/ONOAYW/F!]D H.4@M@=5P)26A5NI)_\=1#^?J8G3^:C^W;2K[.^Q
%PA'
M@<@*A#.!;&XRL6U83&LP:9BF2Z!RLI@M
)*Y%B))E8V07!?8..$L7DTC-AQ
M$'\51FS#B=];E :+H'*&2B)LOM6$L=*,@L#WA=(G3#21\/(' ?9BCR29]0







MPI/11U- =TB'!AV.)=B8B& 4LC4A\:C
'1Q80=-@TYHH&L1& %0LI@.@+H
M2 = I@\T%!GK8FA(U4(2D(RA-B8J!,DC*&V)@I%* ['4#L3E2#DQ].^0LM7


'3 WI3[VA\]20:P $3_

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#8X+GAM;(642X^;,!2%_PIBW['!-B0109JAJMI%I=$LVK433$!C,+6=,/WW
M]0,R@%SB1^<<^YW8]G9(.2[JAG3P4?+.W4
:ZW[ P#J7+.6JB?1L\Y\J81L

QS *

\
MAM B

[.VB90

VL..#D8N;8A)#I1+D_[O,ITILWO+=QE




=SO

Y?^#? +


!#]%8L/*'=((X*4L*JZ#RM5?=A]
M=L($4&W



Z/6$#!

MH*T3@H$03 0_^9(0#H3P1HA

MHI21

MMDM5)E3TFL=^E+E7+31@ H

4+
M2\DR4V(MQ;-


MC$E0%KTGU;!:S;QI0^ L]3)5:V['@-U(UHU#;9JL^7]02P
$%     @ IX!2





(!R2E1-9
MR@!X H?


T!/?.IOA9!

3)_+(Q9BA(XZL0
M24'Z&(;.8*@' V PS9IZ:1C)(0LREQ
9((0\\:GR&4X^69LP3N[E^8)!1K/P


P$/T5BP^HP121@0I%U7=AY6J/NP^.V0


66+52J G1^(
DS!

:=U$^29\[W)/!

M)KI-$ 6#X[TN*VT=.




GPU0KU&.(PNRDF&A'8J
^&(

[DE]IX\^'=F5OUHW63RK*4E
M_*:RK!N%CD*;6^BNS%D(#2:]\&D1H
J\)J/!X*SM=FGVT@^8-[1HA^=B?+/R

O


M3M/]]VL^DF*+)
XE@/-FYHV9-WAF1U6_-SLI=?!9%E4S#W=:[Y^BJ%GM9)DU
MCVHO*_//1M5EILUCO8V:?2VS=6=4%A'$


06=$9+Q/AH#0



MB./E!.'2C*F@N-)*LDHR@/@A239P8PLRGIKA#AUMTT0=;I4$$8D@DWSX
ME=*Y2$@XA

ETT5A S@V

MA*B'.!&UU(FHF%1-:N

M ?+0 XR;CO!XR^ V'  /-0 X:IAN S8

&XX 8-/?3AMF





'XT];\SX_?YH9 ;W=XFYK[N!]+^0:O]

;.=T+W]? !B(MJ




ZB$P$0DFEC +6MRO9$4J-D#;^

M]'=S5+4.&P7@2$[X0M4;[[^3H83

A2B1C+PEP(



=%CB^S.(IM9/
\M

MLN=WV7

'L\3YXKHB-&3_M-KW;FG
M24G98:Z%0'AFIF;*-Z-K7GZ/I3_ %!+ P04     G@%)(FU#L?\ !  #
M!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970W-YX;6R55-N.FS 0_16+#UB#

M1JG?=



MG:PM7#D1JXRT5U-A7+8S;:O'*L^2$A^=T(0A'O.RQ)!KB'J)2#\AV!JXZH+
M+D+Z3
 4DC



8-MNC*K+F2W56I6[95W61M?JT


+-(_'['_VP]7V7[-&
MK:O\W].N/6JW;!'LU#Z[Y.V/ZOJ7NHTAZA)NJ[SI?X/MI6FK8@Q9!$7V:_@_




MG]L1EAU![$C:CQSL*.?/S&F
4NW8;J(.$Q^]Q09!F*B%G1^O(Z$@B'3Z
MWA!9$G/F

/&C!9-8#I*Y@ADT+Z8&&#@G+3%F(Y:I@-0Y

MIGS?1(.A2#(1N1\8HI
8)=RCP !LWY2

-; YAK

MUV!R#5

(G)T'?FX

M%L4^-6JS%'Q@2D23KBDF@:4314IT*1

M!.V!FOS\\($]#A3)0'V6X1_6X;.?HF
_A











T#


F28\



$%

2+^'H'RX1#&X33QUEX:
M92906:YKFH9=++E72@/H3?XOTQ-PHK^-W(+U^8+*?.'\W@Y_5(8Q,!*!P
M5L:!Z.8&STI
S

 +__G/=\78N3B7=:

M#P0[;L*7^+F*@9%
BM\-&Z75#PS\CO-W
_AYV(3 
F-1*@R&*O2R.* 7D

M%4KFH'BS;#
58_ZH54F2=G 







MFA/FSJPOY:EEG)I9#!G?AY#W(8)ZPI(9P&DXIA[&=@[4(3ED$V#3$KG4$0
M\S)D
$2L=2]@-M]U!IRVUR'C@FXW0V8SF;H+8Z0R!F-V%8;SI#P5+_L50?

PP\2!L%##'(]Z9$)A

M;
HDT-$DT.&.B:#)7M!!&-G XX7=4



M6:__.7#1U4H/Q3&29\'J_1#4M1&
8Q)U==.'13[
/8LBYQ?5-CU[%H&\=%TM

MP
 K BX!H+&58B*I6=9$+?@WDN3:O

M'



NFOH_=QEHZ

(%=V1]R3LFCD-+)(
=O_1J
M_




$%     @ IX!22#W[


($F!HS
VF6RF4AT]& *$/MRX
A!*



M='




X\QKWK;6R63^/9E^YK2!;OOJ_G4H

KO:X
G(
MI34QSHD:W.0X7:8R94;/*URA17:V1I

P!1GBE&+O/
MT*,H[AN@JT$Q&B#/ /N0=QCU/2#AB**8J+:%9685/=1B@E\%(GX6
*(63


1=I**(
M3XPK0A69@4(#%.JA1+.LJ9

M.&?W5@%






RYX;6R55EUOFS 4_2N(
M]X(_^*P(4I-HVAXF57W8GFGB)*B 






M@.C3@&@(B)R 4)?2;\2V$E59




MBAWKCGO/5



O
F@_MDQWA.IAGR?B.G9&M
?9? -

M_UO0CEUF




 _*D!C09T-V2?&K+1D$T
B5V*V8@5D:2I.;M$XDCT\0#/





MOLR[:BQWXC2+GO*]Z;HBVK#3(.U%?IN]=?8YU
UF
K_0'=\TH7M
4Q_)GOXB

M_ =02P





M


(4]#8 5
MSH

]+B.\#51Y0Y0-2##VMA)^






!S%7P7Q 
48VT!%D)I
TW8Q


FC
-IXJT^5\I



=<YQHZXMB1%!^
MGX


M^%7AGLW&CDS^2


*A-:J4H1$'Q%&1


)'_70T1$*-
M #PGB(PRH[5EQD8&L98!U,M,U'8I3#M@DLA7G^=2B2&5:%+!4D?W.B9\+I(:
M(JFV;18-R8R.9FL[GPC!?D'\JS0G0&*+'2 J:/9*(HM*$R7@-4V :9/@&Z
M9.D$[4:0.D+0MSYP#0







R?J'/FY0X2(OX68JK'EQ'KOBME.]N\'V_C(FK




R7R3J9':9I
;
T
ML\:WQV.J E$50ZH9C%&MBP'5G/3'8ZHYHII[JF9CD[?V
?EC$DH0B_LJ#%*P
MT9?7@SI)%(I 191B








X1#3MX3^L%*
MC+GSV=0MV[HEY]W&\]BIQ UB+Z3#K7AS(;1!7$SIU6

MM6Z1#VMOM

LJ

Y*@U$I5%78$ 0SP3A]#32KD2YRQ.QT
M3/P\26@D56*-&3)&.2$=...^'+S_
\D9$GTH0FBV9T3/H\26PDB36;,G,
M/E;,PR*%#





MAZ[X)Z+7JF7.D7#1CPS-PX40C@65_R**HA2-Y6-2XPN7PT2
Z=AJC1-.NKES
M?+2OQ3]02P

MS:I88
;MOR^(3H'8++XHX+GGW'/E*N5(Z#NK




I0M49I.O+XBCJJ1D]-B Y-L&SP).)8E@
M]MC$1E6YA#

P9.F+V.B9-L#7/0
?!$0&JVG )0TU?8%:


)7++
K5V1;]T5A95!H1-D


MW


BV7C=I/&D2(9$
M'-86XE*NTF-*&!*9D5 #M/&-5!=F:3Y:P(R&&-

MEF7(LVQZ&1*0PSIDU+4
V98[^)X)6JVXN5KJ.9:X5(M W
$0C-J.(4]QEU0S


M^

.-2C'WG/8

M
-TW G+P. #5 43AX'&(RJ!Z-95 M1[$+MT%8' X8\4.\!LA4DTSKB2X\'

M
!0  &0   'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Y,BYX;6R-5,MNHS 4_16+#XAYAC0B2 W5J%V,5'4Q
MLW;):#:F+&=T/G[\0
19[QJZ)-^\R2MC

_!OD@-P@)^-=#+R1R9

M=4(X$

MZM5;GD:[#-^



/(K=^0/XFX-*U$



M)QA&6 ?@:6-7W*Z6(=JE%B^$=:A8YKGW;NLD'VM2 ?!/DDR%/CJ5!L\R=W


B JE]&U;MMTM!<-ZP-.=ZOP&2PJ@#5D0/QJ



M[


79?_%C9S;
Z

MRCQ^JFO
_BY)12]S'_C7@;?R4 @U$SRX!:W*VO2\)(V'B/[N?\9FN E$0K
M?I7DPJVVI^ WE+ZKSH_=W \5 ZG(5B@++]GLB)5I9QDYC^MZ3VGK3;5_=O


M6&T/
R]'S(D51'IR54:N)M&;9U< ^S<K6P%Z;M2VY
M*P()V4L:74FA(8TZ%/%S W@U,-T7:!DDTRYB8F9A)(V63$/SZQ.N'PH'B6*'
M*+:)LFZBS!#%5J)P$H(^T7I0-$B'!+465S4S9(:%&1E@2B#R8AGD#AY$CM/
M[]*N$BM-'4)''H&'2$$$4()?$Z4.D2I301ZB=*Q1.E_$64.46;OBJ27*+,2
M@4?[]*%PD&CJ$$UM(M2[3Z=C]NF@:) $A Z**N7W*I*,J
 .(4$@*]6$AY
M%-'3-W?9:KXT6[=D =A![=T,2V 7HWB*0@C'Y'*+$8@[N=+^2=FE)D43-*1





MQ!WBMOM
7(JVM0


MCZD):L-;VSQBC88S
M9[SDC



;S;6IB6-
LC(E;%XN@*\
M##Z*;@1S[$



04ST
M5AQ%*.L)5,_,2VFH%H#EXZR5D#%_)AYF&QMRB)=&*K: )74

MM/+(MNC R.
+S[[DK6IMJD0L_ A3;8!*^HQ2L[1JEJ!FJYE:S96I8?95[N8E
MC5ID$**SDL )E+
Q-7%(F5%HS2@$




=$:
MBGB$B390)@WQ=AJ^]AL^P!M^QA:&J!M'Q/:'H(DKHC@.XA*$2[]8$ FD&0


5Q.]&7S^Y]

M\].AZB[B

M8N.Z)\=KYB%G=#OI
5TL;H]6/D[%2R'0Y2]5;5/T/]NVCW*]N#*C_VVZ_#'O#T
M?U!+ P04     G@%)(E8 <Y]L!  \!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O




MEX1H($1W0OPE(1X(\0
KFUPGB.B5<AE#ME%WYN(





MJB[SMKNL7]/F5/M\.QB512H8

J__



M!NG(?1BY==[FJV5=G9/FE/?KB=]W\+IWTGE.FL%;/4Y(-W9-=_=]98U=IN^]

M
G1@&4S2CDQ'S'%D*IRU

=
HBQGP?)4) 




ULQFBYN#
MM!2V=C9;+!H)1)
1^IC

-ML+EN%FX
8LCBF_D)].N(0Y=PII1G% D5+C[
MI)4(A46CH&@()P^%1:-FBT9].#GHV-\LZW$Q\WAL07RT;!-A+?;$-01EBP

MG-E#$.DXH+'^-$5_&NB/

4:JT]#]1'V7QJK3\]6G\;JTT!]618?U!#D2(];

6T.##'0R


P:#%)'](-


'$LLAQEUR!5<CDLX%

RE3I?1-PJR'#ZPO



M=DA&




'*1NA



M)3&*XRC*










$


MHR!(OA1$O2#Z%


MFH5=60:)
ZS%^


U!Q%^H2P\FE1C&_
MF.H@P)%=:]E=../H6(&VH;X49^
[79G


8&9A%R(;*4E5M8=*40[MF=AK&P58EUW'Z;_O\F&\K(B\
M:0[APS/O
Z$]VHJT+


MA&5CVG(C@DX)9H+WP ]65^+521KUIQ]N2QZ X/[G1XVXEH94_V:NW0O2Y4



4T?\X52RN+;G
3B)&:AJ4.AU.J4?K939E7 #($$T\5.

A)#0ZDX

MC4$CBR5N*+!1IJ$2 LLH

0@RYD B-HG
2%93
M .*F@61-0!9=L99GZ.\0.4Z6C*@HQ$UQ^'

3LD ;$I4-J
MH^@


$S2-3=

G&-B^#HT5K^;M
A-*+9K\5[H107)<1




SH9$
M8R((445;679R;VPO.

+NA'YRMIGW&UA
MH05/C CSTXW(1GM*1Z@Z-V.56W&UKY9!1UMGA!UA&@@A.FGA+@CQ ]\BDA
MZ0C)A #M5DPAB11GG'6 M$@?3KC8)S+:*4@3!JW-97E4*HZ#U?)8L
WK50
MAXD

= A0M:^=^PNYC878R^:SI.HN^#
M]KMPK213*QWJ

%.7OA9<&NLJD[^L(]<6U;PO_N
M:



\]Z_
M2?/!;=DA&ARBR0$!$W@/




Q1V8*+!3.@E37:?RL:':(
M7J:49T$(1RPR
*F.$ K2&Y7PUE;Q]$G)+NQ
0BR%3] T&ULF
Q0Z!-48J.2


M].F/1?D/4$L#!!0    ( *B 4DA2VMN$' (  !


U.K#S-E)
MG(#:QK3MA)Z_'R] 3(0Z%^PJWGOU7

MQ;\=H;S;!'$P)-[K:Z5






$%     @ J(!22-P_26D%!   P1
  !H



6[((]NJ0



#F

9 R/64N+
MM40/BSM9R\DZ/'$RGD*^B
1^&@/A*2H2(GE
-[+H1M
@4^:D&UE!=D=OBV 
MA(R=G!&

M4P50=R#.Z&TH+NC
Q-D=982+2.3LC:GEC@OPJ9-V@Z QBA!WRXM]Y$T+_TRS
5H8$$L8$(]]CT#_$3:\R0Z@
M
8



(:W]!E2AWCYG$MMR =
R;49B9RSL1F
M)G;.)&:F.ZP*/^FN5Y?LJ/[(JN.YK(
WW32ZZ(Y #EHWRD2!?#4A/*EL?[O)




RT)(465I*ST[\N')-.&D/1B<E<SL[/TDGG/Q;NL
M !3Z8+21FZ!2JEUC+$\5

U$U0


M12YXCV1+S'1$:PT71D0K(VG5A#M??1129Z_%:A'E^&J$!DQL











=HL5]OA9-Q@#[O)N'BOUJMM_K ;E.^;S7+W




M^UXSWCO)OMO

V34[JEF1TZ7

ME$*2[Z:$'10CJ@7P8=VFZ
AT5

MW)L:'X9)[#PG'F/#Y7:FA!ILAX?ZYNM$;#5?VS5PY\_^,*42+_'@O'W\9O
MUZUOK5NS ?5B:=GZ(7O ;@&6 RUL?,5!?N*@K:BP*PH= H*0$$ 2P6NEC9
M'/EU*X[


SKT6;AM%F8CP3N+'8!


5

M
;=VR]NZ!UG'.K4#


MM29
6'

3T!CKDSKP4(I\&29*A$Q/%E6*/

@$;UD;G&^GQIPY1;N^U&
M K=V9$<0F P/0&-1BJC=GGFP#$U5TJP
TTT98R;=[ +7U^Y'HB;'NC$1W#D


M?++&4BWKR/CJ_--OGMI_AA6#AZ+]RV-BNI)/,'O[A]Y?5W[PY^P_0W!O#O

\]76&\&F@9P&*'^@8X4F@YPA/ YTA?!KJ68CB




M#!FZSNLY9.A.KS/(T(6;\J =0K=NRH

M

760I#]S9Q
20H2LMY8&[FY@

G0QI3QPAQ
30X:NJ)0'
M[G)B




!AGR;/J!HQU
=HL8M.?('Q&#=@D9&F+0NB8'0DRS$D='AS$9ORU?\FRY



Y#L


M12.&]I@G$T.NB*#5;C5!?2A.#7&K@96)8%;(VH3$[&LGV
4)-L3)0)P.OA%
MP?#ZR($#IV



M!8:$-:+4
!0)[F2'A
A0U^$



Q+'A.60L


MYI%V-PEH_8G

M]OI2R)WN'N/VN1ZN8(87K8Z7&Z7KM=;R'U!+ P04     H@%)(#]D1VSP#



P$/T5




MKRZ%U+L?BS3+9L%'2]1CH




G'F1LD

Z.OBW!PT&9B%+6$P=U'S




M4[:@N+G!'CIW4J-6W+I0-\ST&G@52$JR+$F^


S
M*
7UWS-('$\TI7/B632M]0E6Y&SA54)!9P1V1$-]H@_I\7SPB #X)6 TJSWQ

MWZ*RK3.;4%)!S0=IGW'\#E






M965T
3$R+GAM;)5849.:




8I8
.JA' )E



M)
J(*)1%*U]D4T]TU6_$_$;^G-KD_0.S9@C U9,>

F
N

M7N+U1 RA9G^NB$RY08UEO#'VHX@VG'DF(D

S'5]E
M0Z<XQ@P'MTDT^RO1[:_D$_N+D]D0-$<B6I;&)ZI-D<O.299JDBS5).PW3:P5
M]:5+6.H!X+Z2#[9(:0
MJG(ZHSI'*2*4@



J
!HW_/8?:74J0PLM0:P\-QE5)8JB#ED2)4)A;Z;
00Y!J-JOZW8\;G
M$52EVS'\@0+2)PH*-)'(VIJ4XS?3]


MEU==7Z%[.\*N+\UL9:3K
+N3]!G
ODG7V^F8K=HI$2+9]/R6+7BUNI@?\Z?B



%_1\W/(P-Q'D_JS[%;[W['+-1:
M_.&-Z[S9#*


M??54/:QH24Y!:
3D$?

M!!0    ( *B 4DB#:.W:W@$  


MOKY %A!INB_8QYX9CP?Y9#WC;Z(&D






-8(FKRX#I_A!^;GIA7.D4GU







M2S9^ZMP%48\!$G.88KP1X7#VV13 UL/!)!S

M033;ATSVZY\;

A\8(5KM5 2[9=!V+4TQX0KG&J!YZQJ@-=Z-
M3#'1&N]&2Z[4O&N@S _E3+; &I&K/!I0ZX1O#5/;TS@['C_V0&RAQOQ!'$OD

M&C#


 =@(B

S+/I70R,!
M69K


MJ';T9]7OZHX'*R;DSG381FX9$U2ZBY_E [N7GQB704.W0IVF\KS7FVX]$.QP
M_H:X?
@L_@%02P
$%     @ J(!22 ON*XR @  ]0D  !H   !X;]W;W)K


#C*+6GXDU:36;W8M-)G.Q
(&5]56=.MF3/6O%H6




,^).5N%HC$TQDZS#I% .T9N<PLV8#Q6PP$76

M)U='M.)
2R<@^9!-]FU.J7=L28]CA<BEJS*H




MHV&

&!&_MT#YL FB8+IX:4^-
A=A784S


JO!BB


@1%GMPF6T<K*ZJM+JN4N[2=#&=
MJ](JP;=5LH5*YJMD^%HE<RJ9IQ+C_+9(OA#)_5H4Y6V8E'


IDRS\K]%J)@3C9B2'1GI\[Y3IIOIVG



YX;6R5EM&.HR 4AE_%^ CB(HVUF0[F\WN


O :WMNA!J(ZBJZQQW;G@R\I4/ R&D;?@&;
M'4!*


D_YE-/Y@J



MMU0@\ZDGY)8D^JSVYZ\?

SNW @ST5\HB:SI
3I8)(




M;YLP%/XK%N^KN9-$!*GI-&T/DZH^;
\.'ZJC9EM0O?OYPM0$E7-7F+[\-V.
M8SN?N'B5+8!;XSV\NBU2@T'C&79 B/R@0_0ZR\U%XPHO10-EH
 4ED2HSCT
 BQRNOZACT
MLN,]$E ?O<?@<,H,P@)^=3#)S1R9[&?.7\WB1W7T?!,!*)3**! ]7. )*#5



T(QQE-


I728WF*B(+EODMR8)-M=\GW_
MVB5U+LG&Y7]
TAN3]+-.9H]TX_$E3
/[+MF-2_9I*_.&95N;X-8%;XXA ]'8

MGYQU0:%69IKIN7WTT4'Y8W97W8BG]02P
$%     @ J(!22(I;$Y[Q 0


)

M+U=:XG0_J/]PU1KW.ZI@(]C?ZJ!+8S8
T &.M&7Z770_H2_!.=P+IMP7[5NE



F!UGR(K8OK[)K\UL\:/@(E/D#3W!;RI/5:W03FCS
MU[@6/PJAP;@+GXR]TDR_


RYX

MHV]H^@[G$B(N6*..B*=5WPA%_4*QK1Y\R+$=Q#C)-W$VT\P$?R;X*\&+OR0$
M
R%X$

D$J%)

3(T
M+GAM;(54VVZC
!#]%8L/B+DEW8T(4BZJN@\K57W8?79@N*@VIK8)W;]?7X!


R1;8KHCV&NX

K S4NUX=JFC8TV<XQ0;2)5U&7!2K8_'P(&
_^
M




M-($=[U0P4LJET0\\;;!NM#X!N(1?PI2U[8V#,'SG_,)-?IXWG&P^$DDP9
M:P?-[(GE!HE7?FS$;W7-
3^N%5_L7&U_2.69
 '



M_P%02P





M2_C(._.
1&.^.<JVYMI<




MV'P '@+P/0#;PBVH+_

M L)HG;QUF0:1C=E-183D=TUB +
4/%)22\$N!98SI&
&9C.D?8:FSX 1
+?.


M%O!B
@^2.1#?0 -D*F+9



A3 GPK
M0CK640%B+
3JF6_ +*!OP9D@!4M##.@/,A#NA=R9U&4%B&LPG^ 19#9G5%!
M:584RRR,/!9&(6YW52S# 1;$X*,@Q.V.G(6LAGPIP7&(69W5&98!!@0^\





M-F9L[9




MM+?OL#MT

3(Y+GAM;)55VVZC
!#]%8L/J
T]
MC0A22[7:?5BIZL/NLQ-

M I^
MG+GU4IU6PCEH28


MSUY%GO&3HDU+7@60)\:P^/-
*.]WGN^-!V_-L5;F .89O/#*AI%6-KP%@E0[

/Y<6QZ:58
^5G@CV

$%     @

MFYGO
=B
DY;0=Y9CS*V/JJS9SLXY;[:.PTXYKA![(0VNQ9L+H17B8DBO#FLH


0RQ 5\:O +1L]6U+\D9!W.?AQWMFNU(!+
+XN4?_INP*^4?$<$;*W\69YT*M:UMG?$&W
MDK^1]CON/ 02\$1*IJ[6Z<8XJ?H4VZK0A[X7M;JW^DW4I\TGPX!#@D@?)K@





3&(HA7+X*-H6'S=!%T!=E

EZ[*(ZRP$(-PNH/)-JNI$#

8F#!9@1*;C:+WCV-01/_W(

F









M31 ;0ZQ-!'Q@H;!* UVIM&?/C;AKQ= 

MA!-=BHM10400L9P:PLG!#=QDX0B1BR1:&W*\1(E'BV*)0@$NT=Y%
63D=E

\V!7

^Q;AGSK
M\GN2N&
YOV

8V/B/P0(*$9/(P?H



MM8UE-A$\-I 1)JF#K0 ;&&P#2X=Q#O0_.G7
 !@ QV
9[$DWFIQT;2!O




K6K
MVT/9')?]Y[^I-;'\_NJRTNSU3]02P,$%     @ J(!22%ZV71/\0  ##8

B^VU=WXX /PT #E

9UNOS^VJ\7VS_5+^\S
C_5FM=CQQ\W/

MKE\_7(FK(_#7T\_'70=

M^[KU_IYTG?^V7O_=??CR\.$JZ?K0+MOONZZ*!?_ZW7YJE\NN)F[YOWVE;VUV







U
M*5)482VP-Y]#C42:+[Y&PFIL6 WL3CWBH5RH@:/8C'BLKZ$FAT/][E#-WG_P



786QQRK^=_)UD\=3I Q'J5)K'
M4Z*/1*B3J3%Z1A4% KEYX LH0@08!9B+L;= *+_CE.4TF/1])$*AE8U

9)1I

M#W64&I&



MX
\#E9&C;CDH-B[D&Y=

MC0M=-Z$C L+0+= /1F3G!-9GB//K..0AT?%L[


R'#@D+0$=C#0O%AH7
V;ES$GT
16(0561K$&@1Z :@-\%NZ+QH2E0
M:4GX?!HB+)1QP





E-#QC'30*84@MM!*^2.F0HR
MEID:

M9FK(.&8:R)2%[Z *Y^9C*6F1HRCID&
J7@!!@!FF@HQEIH:
8Z:!3DX
M$0B89BI(&.9J2'CF&D@4Q+G X+Y@)D*
I:9&C*.F08R)7$^()@/F*D@8YFI


2YP.
M^89C*6F1HRCID&,B5Q/B8#YBI(&.9J2'CF&D@4Q+G X+Y@)D*
I:9&C*.



M
J7D?!A/FF@HQEIH:

M3\5_;P[_K'3XL%N_'/_WZO0/8#?_!U!+ P04     H@%)(&4ZI_5   
X/NQ1V!5
MNT6NYUY9D=.;P%6-7IG#;X1 ]F^',&TW+G'B;?J6@HUX16Y-_+.%4$UKVCM
M
X2Q4I(K
M?_2B7VLJXK0_J/_0VY7VCYC/<5_J[



M





M

5?!?$ Q1B
0T60VJ!INYA4]6*[=A(GH!K

M+ B#(SV1U.O?/A.QQ*0,3QP)NTS.%RDXNTD8.6O+MWT]GWX+[@9)2M^ H
M@#=!G'XH2$9!\EE!.@K2A2!RI=A&5$21LA!\&1/S.Z('S4NC(EV#J1U$ZZ_
MNA52KU[+. :PB*[&:82@A9Y]:)78^42RBE0^@I
;$NF0JTGAE#1Q2:&?%.#L
MOD
R.;CI4S*O-9G'Q*Y6!W460FF
X&8-V\VQ!.-5K/*Q-(
0H_NQTT7L=!X[

.J&19G
0;W8^-%;.S%

YLN]VM-48Y6]YQ/(9BO[\QJYI7%8+GC(N^ Z
F9
M_B3BW'0RV'.ESQI[

MY3]02P

M+W-H965T
3
9CSK,3T
MI4:R?0EGO/WIZF;6B;QDMB[]4 06CFX2LB]?5^I_-8]=M)_\N%\^;3]/'

:
DR6;+^=/S


Z-=#%: 
^-.!3 Z5'&^A# _UVA='X]!?QEX@.S3(
M(B^0'^+SV L4AP9%;(/RT*

(KY.HQAV(WUNX'#



(Y*G9WY?!]WZ\51R27E$1Y


UX&)BC'35
M(0'- LV5D4-223!-_?/=^S8X4']



M$M [!BI]H]&@OY$W]KB4^(;2 430JBF(]$BT07BR,!48!2XP8B5%N1:)'H
M*+:V$H4S1F
&(E19D6B1Z
[$-P




M6!X:*/_ 0*BV(M$BT5%L;:7P996*40.ARHI$BT1W)@X
5 P67*5EGL'




$=+J2&Q II('%6DB,DHVNX$X74D-BA320.$M


M'S#



M[7_9KEZ.WZ0Z?9WK\O]02P


MA#$$$+M7CO!=1@S-I.

MR@['\F*PJZK3

B2REP6KV%Y*M)DVW3*#B&-(AEF


^ 73707L&

 2U^E
L




2D4&G
#



M


MVLHU^A8[3XA6Z0HJ19C0! I)5.C:0V@*A13#A&X\A&90B%-
Z-9#:.[
$:;S






J]Y+G56JFWRSA0;!+D^WY






MTT/JDV?;_=


MW+:2:

E&E-@U?B2




M*6)*U^+G'S6TD!?G@#IGBM/





M0*9T
($C
R R.R6P4&!'FTZ2SV19DU0$'JH&*(1V*-2&GS73=YVQ@B$-7=U
M3K'_XRO2CTXA0I53L18CIVN$L%)VXQ'8FF*'( +Q1A%JAHY82
$E'+Y*P)A
M;7+RK(.
K%

V F!EG
66G+7;9&QG

LPBE2./DH[ !9&2*YIB+TS6J0M.8@&7]0A
*6:&I






+YR(!2Z:




*

K=;K_;?([M?KW=C?9SYI5K],[N7C\LQ_O=].N4BFX.
M7]



M/M

MUT
K/]N^K/!I=]K2&;8E]

MQHHO%;G'(

4/W/0KST?+
M#L_7S*-V#;0 M






G6_R8[

6_RA'_BVB:Z#

L<0NG+O-)W8FF9I?GX5ZDZ9[R
M7AYTA$7'/Q #$F,A)@5)XZJQE^Z;IA-6[O4R5*;<IV4-=7(PZ](TV\'1ZN7

A[7MFHPMX'I#WHWR^-M7E^6D_RN=KZ]H6


M85

MVOG
@D3SRT@

M[(;9;&OSVX6'(XC/:':FJLODDY62):9BQE:BP(3$@


59CA(9$@



2 Q%B(23G2Y'9B3H_Y

2(RJ=NI
*B+Y%Q4+3XNLF%%8

'MMT
M&MO*X;=&N0V) 8FQ$)-ZL%O(5!#\[!BS*:

YU;Z!K



AL2 Q%B(K]6P::I29FEJE=GT

BI%F*M$(BP^-S.:67I1+

MHKR%Q(#$6(C)OF9/G'4+3S4REW!JX34X;E/25I4B#UR6W9;-+Q 6!2XD!B3&
M0DQ*P=['%G+A]=#4I9N%!_F8JRJ#VSQHV31H%0-WBV(6$@
4IF8FQQ8O1;,9OGSD;E&P0V) 8BS$I!26G?WX/NL-<[7







MD'@AZ'/0&7)-9( D$!DAB40F2+R0]#GHS+TF


MJ1](V ^(#) $(B



)^P&1 9) 9(0D$ID@\9+Z@83]@
@ 22 R0A*)3)!X2?U PGY
M9( D$!DAB40F2+RB?J!@/R R0!*(C)!$(A


%
M^P&1 9) 9(0D$ID@\8KZ@8+]@
@ 22 R0A*)3)!X1?U P7Y 9( D$!DAB40F
M2+RF?J!A/R R0!*(C)!$(A
D7E

\(S%


M!T0&2 *1$9)(9(+$&^H'!O8#(@

#^P&1 9) 9(0D$ID@
M\8;Z@8']@
@ 22 R0A*)3)!X0_W P'Y 9( D$!DAB40F2+R9)PKQ3.$\58CG


MV_D& KZ#

M(#) $HB

OW?P+@- Y=^GD

MOOUR_

M@%)( 7




R8NO);CJG%H




MU7][-_U#5??6#B';B'\]]:_KX.?)
/@OR^5?PR\?']Y-DV$
_;S_NAFZF-%_
M/_OW_7P^]$17_L^^T[=K#@W#GP^]WVYOEX;_9;;NWR_G_WYZV#S2:)/IY*'_

M

MA [::W2%.HQ028)B;GB
0C&W88Q%$0WO!8[F X\Q*.9C&&-@-XYW X?31MR4



^LKY



A$K''/!-(=$CT(_$M&0'Z

EA8FANE83)86$X5)HU)AI+)X Y7R_*XYR(;0'1(]$(\


U6NO(CR#1



9(60Z)#H


F0@D7





5;N8GCI!8S.DS




R&-B!%&1!9_
M@XP($AT2_4@

A$:D3-'L#SN]!FLB(L\A#72VQCA;60^D+5!HD.B'XE!/IBU
ML5HGV!R(.)O(UQ.'?+ XDR5Y$I
/Z9:

-P


MB'S8G6
:

;N5F

*)



M('%$6D@\D0Z2VE ]


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$T,YX;6R=6]MR&[<2_!66WAWB



3I<TKQQA21#^<S3&X'S
JC%&!MR^^KT6!U^K%(=( *&1Q


49=.9B*H0M
M* N)([4%5-'




MB-84.

&)7-@BS%3_3(LR3QI\Y
M'B




P


&
ML

DA;@AC35)SAQ:1%))BB2%+)L$9-^KK\1%CQP.)SF)

M&Q7
WRP1@WA7TF^:)OK:])NXQA-H?7])M#N6OH-J']KH@%5J9*OXD[1T+G


M65$(?/DVO'^;+G 1#M_?J+MT(*IP]')$:P#GAF L;\JTB'


L;S+27QU*#P'HR@3AE-A&YQ8\*B]]$
.^:XQUOSG=H/'D3

V\11T)++
M#CA-=5W._1K U-K58DU919F'B(3KV5ZQD):X4=FH!7#-'&E3DRI9?.;8.UD



MTGA






^NS&RS+L^X7]V)[N%WVKYN;Z



  !X2   :



MVY6U;KK2-$FK]X^+K_3AB9
!


MJ_H?YO2'GCED@\


M\HA=M\G=A0 AP@OQ[0;L:CZ4H(2&\NW21M6!SYI&J CFE.)(?F$0(DAJ1DVL








M0F@Y3K(=P,3IM Q4,,\M!NL[ 9+N_$R2ZCL!GH68(+D.L1S 32!AWT+8F?

DC
ZM[!@-$N32[[GGGOVY1^:


_;/[I













MLVL']OOA63[B4&C_=%_K^?U2
\KI
/+.0J<^Q#9E
M$V;QKP&?O^O^7ABS;VNL=B\G/M_S'=!W&!CXQM!TYDW54-B
M^?%Y^=S1=;
M7





M:+_#.CN\F:Y]
NP9)T-OC#VFO(O78N=+5T;.]
4K(WR*+\S37JOQWE=E6_.N
N9N2T5#4SG?3?_%=K.L.5[NR95M.'G]F#U
M\,![7K#'<KAMV+![U#J@(6_=$!W\R51V1<.Z.UJO5Y]8[UQ2X+@.KBJOZX6

#
_7'%2DSP0GCQLEQ


YZ2B+SKK4:PPBA5OTXWSZR(O ZVPGP\VDG+)LA
M&16OK$$=GVBQZUI$3;K+/E-BV6L/3K]P+890O


M\(WB79RYQ2N/4:K]KD5U JJ


)J

R O7J;'ZCE8

5ID:B
&GT6$:19@!33DEZ)QE]+<0(I/9A_M20


YB&T4&5A3_

5=4T

M
ENHU8&(]HH\U3!B4<1!]
M@\<45)BNY,;#IJ6-V+*+)50@H!$:@&DK'ME^=T\L;PD!M%K(D)AN%-SP5<)K
M3H<@_C7Q*RP@K7H63YQW+MXRVC -ARC&;BRADGM@DZH[CURM6%)F*XGJ6M8
MDSNR!J93!




M):Z+M[S4\\.K*Z$5 57!&6BK/R9-34ZTZ;2/KT;DQE'-GQ@%]XSN@93\

L!VLUFO16!4^L_P4=69BZ=


M#:U$Q9.O3V8D-&SF/






@Z+$SBV/L91^&D*&D=





RJ]O=\)BB




1@5LS)
M.H=&FUT!$I)SQ\8A6






M3F)M
DX(ZW4

D 8M&#$H?O(?C/$S+
7TK\DSG\ Z8$Q



32):DTR:6W:\ZY:SY2EXM97



Y\=[1
J4G

M4#('

M8;#%.
1BME(NS?GQ; =!/K'W@LF(?.%5U+E<LI@
8%Y



M$87C9/*2;:-

AHQAGGCR_*N^KKB&#V;708IWHN4/1R'19;N-G;$




_)C&



M4=!)

8KR\IF


MQH:_
^^\
Y

ML@L+'
&6T)&1A\(JO]6^A+5=D@S
_G@%PPYG
\%!3S




M_DC
HUD$LA@S]9&R)5



])B
MO?)I?.5

MCA4)JB]1X''!RB_APCB!]R=A),7\:$@F681)GR
QR/_OR1L\5Y6^;O







M$IO]GB$

:)

M^P 2#T[-1O3#O_G-+A+UVOWT]_O&.JUMGM]AC(*NXX*(5 S\(3&;
*@@P@96

M7SWI
#N=S\;QW!Q3Q(0[H1HUAB?CHL4GQ)WHD^)BB?Y0!FEP_PH&$_**79


K&M Q6__)J
9E2
M02S(.';K*F_!4P!W$(
$D: -[/A2N$G*-4E*[79M+0G:X!@:RV@SIW=0.@S

)
M:4BL

MZRG('REQ689?
E1WB

M9+DBPF7))R7(YB0N;-ZE6\4AC9_@%&@&FHT.)4FAFLH22







M+YTO73XK@)O5:BCI&QA,W$'^;884CLQREUEJH\^ Y1JDX#4J-Q28ISHS3#

Z-4F1*CUW7ZZ](J$91V?.K:ZXH*T'24E2X

M/.O)S;Y(^YW8Y+G6\'R#SD;O1L'U(UT:F8VVPZ=$(_N[$%-1)^[%11N+5ZW0



MPD0HSP.X R?A)



I0
PQ]UX


Y+D?$S[DR/$.5Y'N_J'@/R*)N#OA3ED4)CI94L

MO WT67+D.?V5W6AK7\-+'@BP4_Z!VWO2#C3P7 F!=7%'=@!:[/UXXE[;I]


?Y1UOE


MQR2PE1&_&Y=C_M9U50RR2+[2/]G4RFFN3**\UGU+O]UA4+!]O0PG16QB%5Q9
M&WDD#I



348:M#
MN9[0!0IZ!R(Q_W7BTYT,,Z=M&=AK+HP-F#[S^9W@MF;P![&]HYUC6HI+R
M1J@O,S2L=8B24%R/)CZ;9]6AHEXXHJ+^F_O#72AY@VJ50O-F'_X=1XW'$QX

M%7S8'LZW]X!$BN%Z2(
VC\:3&+0\10U6O:RR]+M$S3[7JP%L^4:-_A6X@
M('




]%U
/[V\@JY


N53B;K[F:

M2VUZ*$G_$R7(;+LNIBNSOE&[__TUM=TA%+_/O@E#-LO56W/@H^CC[3)S@$


#*YM5;L%




MFU +RB;_2FZ215_O?:
(-/5RSOG9G!

I?YT2/2L9V! HVKN_NE$P)ZS-HI



M^MIR



)3RN35MJR(JNB2#_R!;.=#9V!M-+2U(5#

R+$*B4N 22H2.&HTE[

-9!

M.]L0[0E&X8




*IDTF
76+:)WGYF-^8P\+-GWG]%<(@\JLO02.
MO#R@4)@.\
S34F;E^J:

R\T_0

0T


M
+ 

#J)TT/7&)5;
VD2)$WWU UU]&^0A4O<0(U%*CO)+U=LII-+XY
SHAI'Y?H5.@J&U(K=@![KHX(?;
MK6S6XN;!L_PV8L[QR<U A-U\;63J-M4-/*J[&5PC[?NGL-^13*JKMZ(U[WE


0G L1G\0CD3]9B3[EY;U3$
MR+?#.=(WA^.)KO7)WZ6).M-/WV7%%Q)(Y'B?4F)K[L+ZL=%QZ253 (NB)6/
M1_1K,4JD?,RX3-7O.7_@1SEI8 ATBYTC36@%,E(!D1\-!'DD-)G3P4!W/E^
MDN;R?E:
)G&0





Z(W[.
MO=^V4;=D5-:
:J$P[_2YX02I&V




WUY2S_+\Y)OAW*7=

3W4/OTA;SD?1./@!/XDU_1DT2B)@Q_Z+^]$K03Q_NC




M8.*H3V(*710[&DU:175GQ.A+]HS]3$Z&3,5RT9$%':TQOQ-M-C@7X\FO!M
MS88I1Q\UH -@01%K L1B]I*




?;R\OE9^
7YM1J3YU_4#RB=^-;4\C)'=B/PVD\
5



GU[Z;Z()=UM&4TAZ!RF1A@2J[MGF)^^2J4U*P,26+
M7H8VCX1*OW& Q8S#/\'%W&(IX^

MJE?]Y<A5@U:X*L+W2G_/&4]O<




MO


M1&-HB4KXAFKFG+



SI5MFLKBV65]Z;R-WM



M+-QR%2!JA^\%R*3MUJE:

5-
MV=I_&1^3O)%'Z%C7GR?EIC=IBMG2(L:'!(&)0
/1H%_%)?%\0-G+[34=WS

E5F
ML)

M=1[&+@#[)?J.4
FMN%Z[96^^Z6YSQJL]T+D1S324)%#KA
!';H?62(P7K]X+



MXZ@?T0OFNL$ZEG39Q4*1/Q\(2Y1$9I#064EJL8NJUCK&U
BZLYHK]X==6%?*


M?V5Z%
' .$X1VRG.F^A-&K#GX*LTO9^7JT7[?EF,ME28Q_(P0 VC
EN0B1

G2&?'QCT29-0?YJ[(U3;14';
!WG2L;^

\E1:J (W8L[AJW9(#?BN_AD+P



-$(



8

(B  QZF








;.!7^4K]# F%2U.[Q57AXW'F
M#2=/2



NF
MZH'9'-@?ZFJQ$0/2MWIQ!WXDQA


M]6#CL6NYH+^?Y!'].Z:!8FX^GM( AII)[& YL=TG7;S0(:X4[1*A)S4WOIS$

Q-)P+=^VHGF,4P P?E)!P7L1_2)6 P)O2@
M8Z<[G'#(5!HF66(!UR.'?/,0'14%61@5$2 ?3*+O@];^7;6 9@Q.VMYT@$7Q
M/^\Y:L%$=QCK.X9P.8DS$H7QYQP7ZH#+ L@U[]F'-I[8F4$&WKV<G_S-^JT
MTZO\N1

/

86GJ'J4/4
MH)10]$-P3$]S


^A
M/TFRA_'3XT5AV'\0IQ.7I[N#Q:%+7R:D-8G'0FR+(O?Z5#.;[
0\MX/J^[0M
MH47C_RS/B40Q:7/_[A_-CW(F(EH4:/H]3E/BWD$\;)G5R?!F

T%M&#&Z=Y?Y\#0WM
MDE =M6S07&-

M#QKATO




EY
MV^&8[]=D(OS E3BM@O@'KU7 @\?V/'[H-RQN!]W)2+8



8

H<Q&0777SY__L@I
M*B<?@].3ZY^]Q\O?U;G%^\OKSY)+=;?MGTK6S%N<HVN



WY3*


MI732VK

MNK&M: )2E).2JQ7 E)SH\^P='KE9YR(G!.'&7-6+;IMC#7&)NH]FD)[#5'
M.XP+T4HD&




'G[(5'_PKP#!1[!#/WZFH/3
3JD8#=)C4I
M+[K*5M+R@+N^Q&AP#QAV@51#1R2BBK;(NN=JEE%A5D\?[T*XW(W1!T)7&@



]=R*2DW[RY:\
8M@^9E(=

^

JG WL& +ACKS?)



M7M-MAJFDHZVC?DV
:O*\\CT[/FU-EH:3)/8VNVYO!$$W:%MUY#VBOP&@DZ(%
(M5.K\9M,!CZ[

MU]6V]KKM(SWPJR?&?XYZL9


ME:AO^]=DWTVS;
)G%_I?^
I=$@-
J2F;2
W/
HPS]S-6ISL3@#4+L2%#-7W#
MK&7MU2+3H?\B#;8ODXGM]G*T'

<Q&A<76A2RF(+_6XQE(0S*<4C/0'01V#-97[D
M+U$</-I[P0=0-&ZP-+]SOFY9?=/+9/

MH*%!JEG37;+I\N(K+QXY@*/


Z[VEE



%TIK_!\_ VYGLQW=9_B6Z1S
M_\+M6_59N[!%G?WC%7\1GQH7PQ'=!

:
M&

M*CL%-YZ4N@(+UV-85S'#U0OEU6



!^!
T1GRN


MU)RPQ%0;CH)6[C'G
[%GCCO:^Z99-X.R
T#^NF


X9E5H0QA_



7+!B\8

4 7_2^?JN9N'
M0NB'

YK0(\S%'
M0R?<IYTN7%!N <XW^TE/$  %=?'06-T1#-P[)(!I%@PMDPLNH2QI%=&!B





MB.:PQYUGDDZ WXR9/Z/[E8QSU9'K]3O026O/TJ



M@XL5Z!)+XZ89_K8SDV;Y #&4)


OH
M7T@

UR1* YBI



=YSCR+(IY5?KA&G6
M6Y\6I#\1ZPUBTF()!D@]Q][

-H1))C-*)+$(V(WT:C

MB45TO=(%84P9&M)QMUJS5KHA'FE
O]LN^$JXHBAT3USD/UT4?3TX[$D;-SHJ






M _
^FZX%DN+4





MB59&/M^=SNG_ICP


VE=R1O38=BO E7/O\^A77]=6YKH8*6H=U=
M9]Z=L!C!E36#/8?4X5:N7&L)VL6E)'O?VVZ^IT0/4=-V[SWS+_8OBM-Z7+3
H3&
-_%^#C5VE?G11+#HP0=W&]0_8(#43RHWMY
M0I_0^M7GO08:V7V

MP^9(VB
T594P

)HV):;[:,HHA
M%F-N9YZACH9N(CLAS2;618AH0XC#*@L;OVI(/9=[1K%BDM9)-4EU'M5E.8(

9X^U06=BM9/6@D#- P^YZ



MA%-8)QI!$^AG63R
7+CQREKACWQ(G#!OJB#-&Z40PI;HO^BHE*)2EIAUF8
MXQ:%D[%L=4QK0




M)6AIGW5DW)P\1@)M





M^;#E?V3.I#7D2#MF')Y5PB?V3 (TEI=E8



MD$LU:[D-GN/L91I .R+!4S+PI$#3;A) NIK4*H;65A)[C.%9EOET!-( #4!Y



1SF7
==:96[ 27=)5R@V9
M


MXV\B16HYB#% [6P22Y!MN5\TD#KB*(W&0@+




W

7D'

KF=I2;NM0-])#)'(%K


#39J,^E/ @I1G+$_'%<F8_\C&
M5I'D7.+39K&]RH8JW%WD0G#$7 QQTPF59]G=&+*R:E]P[LUR(0OQM

M^?

PR61
.X622

R8UB'0]@.ZDB+<FD$@\-A6[6?38(.XS&98EEOHKPT]0_Z[(
M;B\3'&C

MT^X0^C! AZ9BZA)1EWBZ#+S$TGO::A(4')+4]0=+_&^K@!\O\5/8
ES+D*5C

M-\JW4K+J-E')#3A%(%.Z!3YIO226V


MN
F).4[5A\-/DW1<FG\//$^FR(8V


9CC9NUJC]H=K-X


M'B7EY?@E 4_K4NF^+-(JL,%O.K4B3HJ3M1A8:2:'!@^O=355J$,OD(NKU^L
M7H)-ZL7EJW_]!.2V5W]GZ@D2XM?KU:KF@BN+ZF6G5E==.=5)NLZ.'81U=,6E
MFP;C+![\K__Y_[R7WU199_Q_?:__N?_R_N)#H#SV\U
5VE2FW^;K78HJ2.S




MS6D:UHW1JN L&#

\-?'@
*$S
7W6)U,.#V,
MUKB1[IS%+Z!9,'?4@!%H;[A]3;(AXWVNB1!/Y2%1^&)?DB&AXSB]X8=#U _

MT\EC#VJ(SK&:
4


(H+W?HD/!
MV./MVN!4?U5(OK)DUSLY(5B^\U-K?U-F-#? S7$E4&

M6A;EXD;S3$:+UMPP;/K.QQ99J-%O-'PO'Q4FJV^6JM$  ;GSV 8-XTSY:Z





M



3$YG7/VH5%;#7]W3
M!@/8*8H^
;'
7;:\U^JP N+;)FI$JV?KFS

W;'[!^



M_)+]_^V8-()T^[0]A&]@!^%=BGMWB\K]ILX5(NRK^DB5:0CYH#81M1HI'TO
M#!G(DM4L(U
30[S.WKAKM[)PH! ZXMX[]/!N:J$CYMKJD\!MWZ!P'(5 I





MH.:$%T;OKJUU0.K*.3-7+?(U2XWE[C2SQ:@3\WK)L)V'#!
'+_U5
VS@/7X!


/4FQ:VG-
)Q6B*37
04VGI!Y!^V9NQ\(TQS
#[@!]





 



MK993-L7_)#=9







MFX







B((.C[B#(C9T#\'WD&Y'G&./K=9\ DS8XZ ]+1M#KR


M JR$RNQ%T[W3S2IOX2B/SN9)CW]F1[90L*GS4 ;SD!F!& &9H%U;:TWGK\


?$^J%QE:O(6_*6C)SA9-J+LYI


MVE)-.W32/!?M%:
SY4A
MPYN;%M:S


R1Q8U1\$ [ ZT^'137FBCZPUY+


B+Y



ME+$DZ'P:)PRB CI@
@(=OL8A:IRP1AH!CDCS@;MQ@PH[5.AF#$
-K+.;!8
MLBE#]3/


YY(&1T


3%ORCP1X'H=QHQ!A2M]8P,FY(I
M]C#D=B(&A2)% 6)7AB.[J)(6K=D8+L)8Z--IA SDW1L@I6V%P-036$RZ0F
MSILPI=RIZL(@8V*VTWA


YL36=PRT9U


MFV[T#M 1


YC'U)H+6FY9YG2O/@+DRAC63&

F


MYG0+5&B1






M<V<6HI+!PEWW+V@J76





M.6UQ $9V^QN#ULLFG 

\7/[0[Y!U5*4@*4W.SS&M&?XU$FWJYJ

M1Y

HV+:

M2A
@&W_?_



M\)6
*$40K_AL
\UGJ_WK'+@P4:K0J#3X5*


 [
;96.5)XGA7AP7G /3]V7Z%QN
M\\=PR$
MV;V+U;VU /13]5V6T7U/?C0M^F18IIDFL1Y.R[$#V3I(:4@*'D
X4#[:[1N



MHAT'$JE96&=Y?LZG%:(=@4N2-X0-7F61-3W).-9E%'4.)
DW
!9&

ANRT71ZM'UEC'H-]9M?]_HV ._!,V(#)KS(V[ZE3NSB2\
MI%?#;*.3


(#*/^!I(M$TAFY%K?$W$6-W'E)MP
N
MTWI'O9IM!721/WV!##M')
/





MI%59[WF@K]V9
9? WA=R$UMJ+UL$!RRX9J7((K+X:B_67%(\KW]7%UY!/9C2
MG@%W?)I)J;T4$( &0(=





TWQH?0BSS!V]P=DMBJF&0KW 

M_U8A5?Q^]O8]RP@Y)R2 H#:5[M;\C^_6SXS[BN3SU;+^&MB8U-%/E_'@Y\N+

MGO:;(UY8\0NZ0D;#R[#F_HPS2U@]E3DNL?U0L $A^6EE$VR! 2 SOWL-Q2M
M^'7;NL@VW!F]0_0QA_




MBO12A.J@_
$G



M'A^7M4VUGTY
\KSUP UNX2

MU

(^,\R.G?)C*S#K_-0Y
MS*($PX2?#NRJQTGJ0S#4FLC+9MH
&$G9#[
BLP
G&4:=HW(C.$5BF$R3C#R


)O2?4WZA+J




Y/



M/NF!0U7A2 ZS5


!

4G&'W?&#)J;




:9

P%
)PGS70V=7&9#)-R*G^4@DXTH4
Q-T Z
0/T?;'J
M<UP%49.;C[Y6CU[RHX=.\<'&]&+F](*LJKL]Z$-VPK283@C7:#RC'8R99!6




#0P[-<;2ETX6][GO;_RZQT[C#O%][R4ERFAV9[8\^J)-&
M7X;
K/D@

M2]



E]EPFJLR/ 4^IS]
1=I[ZQC0:;56CWP;-\Q=#0T=/K7_G'/EX8WP9\^<#45$^N
M86:Q5P$0A&.Q?=
J9Z1
8?FAS]
DLAQ1[

3CA-5JAT6*

AFF:=+Q5
ME7$FQAC@X5
P3%=EH5ZIH-^F21$7&
(2PU




1(P7



JEKP-U++R1Z5




MG8\SH%5\7**I#N9!@Y?UF)IT/4 _1M)%SM.JAM
IB_A))?N);807M019F-*9


\H,E_WUG^84/0-O\
M9+BQ]S1V .G&UC8+@\W2;O]WTW0WP78K[5OU)GJ]V-!!?PE(^7DL!Z+S9RI

M
XT09%JR^HB8.AU_M
UF;#?G'Z 4#XN(834:D<B8CVB')B [J9#09

M
Z8M3?.2R;0P1B7I ^ T(NVT=XP28#^ V:XJ2& @+Z'$#II.L\88P8C-X!*G





H/9YPL $'.PN./M=9]SG

^F+*H
.S=?


M&TG:)1GP9B;
X@OJ

M;M^X;$HS?]+B@8IKG
H+E).
#:T!:]/




+T#!)^8GCC'
U

M
@8R=0K(6/KL@

M[3L[:
#*:F+/#OE\Q-F!T[:$60VH*'PFTYLE1@X TLH_.S(P;PKU._BZF?8:
MJSAA?R1O9!)P9&_IC3PIX5O


T ::<EB<O-Y#[3ILI.BC<P6F1TTF)VT2J9(@RE9%*
M0E(/YJD:TX=WG&!O_'_#8-^H &[9P6\@+0*TLO1I;Q00-(Z3-8"55U DB
MQ2G



MN'FS&
83B!0*Z+6BMN4Y


1-=;R
M+TN[109@ (O 6-P2J=NBJ!/$\%G@
R (@28^H/(UE \86V]& J&)L2\#






]R%AY/8UIE'!NI9
@5

M
JCSV.!ELNT-%R1#1E8N-O.D#LJ/
MQ@NHT.]8MH/N\Q#/%-


MAJLC'GHC7:3\5^SZ&Y.15'&R/1P;$T.




^+<


MA3
^[DJYL




LM8O.G;7VS



M5=JUO4PSW8LJ[=KCYMY](^=T=M]H=

M?:_;Q-



!=[&VZ&(Q?+!H*C$+V;+!=VZ6GB7-OM5:_:58+]ZFJ6589A;M)&A
M=&]OZ WQL :71PJ!#
=Y2V0:1
$+U4%GV?3UAO76C]H]X4OLZY&)IW:L/A44




].L6GX'80N^\Z_4&_ MKA1;2;/A6

U7LWN



MKA04:DIL



MI'EOJ )D8);2P/Z*TA


?0=K?W0'XZ





MLH*P.Q2[9[



[#<-5<_=^DR&J.A2V
HUUO3T4U@7GBR&C 8
MH68



.S=RT.CH6* #\$0UJ=+SZ

M\^U#RL()'?$LK17IS XN 0@]TV_3$*8YP8*A$0\N#D# UQ!:07Q(WJA#



M3A_OP'IV0\.^9Z$^PYW.^67).)Q?IMQ7]B03-LB5E'LYJ]#S/XVFZ?=^K CC




MG




F&= ATK
M5
=]A0YQ]N5LOZ^^HM?I^L;OWUMPA(T^+HG?DTR0L
'F;
M?/M(ZGUPFQ]AU




ME*9\Q]=LMPLZ



MJ

M5SN7/_YEQ[).W[UM!(
_*53.^W21D!8%0*_TH7 =/[*O0=/I/WS.:^V74S




_T*)SEYN3W56
T
R!-/EC[50[MR6-G+1U'A667@;Z*Q3H






MNEEL?SN[P3'2FY:0CJ:!!X\27WE+1M-I((%!O]Q\@03OD-?)+DE/.U# T[[*
MX(O*8
!$;V(K/


(PF.:L@9R[:VLW]%]MT<'EU?HWK.6+45TJ.&
MR;NYTRW@XEFX.$82%&IR3G.M^B\$2WH]?U P=V8UV\=Z&+]SXZ5.$.W.=3

UMN:9;C#[4[_G.2)







M-[^H= EO[+!O.W[2+PMZD6OM)(__&ZJF&

EZ/XQ8;/

Z\5P;N=99@J]'\Z8+[H

_M.=;DD&/D/%8NS-G


J939?

/64X6J




1J+JOSO6?[&#[9S5




GP*:@


OS-33 IM3S!L0

$?6DG.PXZT9T4_T\KX'9JZSGB.; U%LKUS1D-AO3D
M2%;O/2 QO8\Y
*'G T11]V(X-B$BJ[3*EQUS:JQ=MI .(@8GJS%
7@G(..

P@N\
MA13.-0=GZ$@J-5Q\J.B=UXTA=
 [A];'?MEWWX0*#S.@&!-6^3G1?RWL RHX


PR1H82XYD%6*/_RL#B7






M6

1:BJDOPJ
M3WRI8'







08#KORH
FW/@7:$QH/

@9'$$

?JJS
#A*QF& TU'M](!
M!7AL

M($NR(NPGE[6L!6=HA^M#H&.+-P%2=BLN_$/:60^-K0@-S5CK$4X%Z4RW0B#3


](T&S%


M:0


              ( !UA   'AL+W1H
M96UE+W1H96UE
 4DCH
M*WAI7@H  8K   /                ;X9  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q0


4     G@%)(





J($ EP$  ' #


4     G





  !D              ( !)T\  'AL+W=O



M% 
4     G@%)((V1RUI



C
N

  !D              ( !


4     G@%)(







M:&5E='
 4DBNK^@DE0$  ' #   9                5=H  !X




M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     G@%)(_RN7.Y8!  !P P  &0



M+W-H965T

4





M4$L! A0#%     @ IX!22+I I&6D 0  U0
  !D              ( !SW4

 4DAH$#M,RP$  $%   9


MIX!22#+8CN^9 0  ;P

M='

4     G@%)('8@4_9L!  !P P  &0              @ 'H



4
&PO=V]R:W-H

X%   9

M A0#%     @ IX!22%3466ND 0  U0
  !D              ( !BXP  'AL


4     G@%)(D




O






4     G@%)(Z2Q90+0!   Z!   &0              @ '^F0






M%     @ IX!22.^B
6(0 P   !   !D              ( !CZ0  'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ IX!22/@^


M% 




MA


M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     G@%)([N;ZA2$   K!@



Q!G5A#









M='

4     G@%)(2VF[+Z
  !0@  &0

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ IX!22#L'?$B @


M;6Q02P$% ,4     G@%)(STAN8+T  !A#   &0              @ '\

M%EADB (  




YX;6Q02P$% 
4




  !D              ( !NP(! 'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     G@%)(W)]2P&P







4

4     H@%)(B-;!I'
  !D


4     H@%)(W#])


4

4     H@%)(#]D1VSP#   D#P  &@              @ $X.@$

YX;6Q02P$% 


M=#$Q

4




4     H@%)(4.OB

4     H@%)(X8V7&1P#  #4#   &@



4     H@%)(41(^[5$  ![   &@              @ $-6 $

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     H@%)(656^

M=#$R

4



4     H@%)(12S%

M=#$R-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     H@%)(&!U'KM,  !+#   &@

4     H@%)(\
4B!'L   D0  &@              @ &R;P$

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     H@%)(1X6@

M=#$S

4
M H@%)(&4ZI_5   

4     H@%)(?Q+WXQ@  E!@

4     H@%)(T_^O5G\)  #:-0  &@              @ %=A0$
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E

4



4     H@%)( 7
E=2\*   8.@

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$T,2YX;6Q02P$% 

4



end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant

      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant

      
      

 Plant

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Fair Value

      
      

 Fair Value

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001193125-16-468305-xbrl.zip


'+J9XHK5

M=_ VV.9M](&S9_GWW9]9O(D?$Z6/S?

ML#_=_0G_U@Z:AN

OO[H=\
LI^

RSA[^^ GDB
M2X%Y_6TZJ*%;JJNM'PJJ%LK@QSC[-




(;#%'(AJ/A[/NOO6_#
MI_E3.


^BR70V_3F?

M$?X)U_7FH]E'L.8_PXD[_ESG2#F#;KW-!:!L@MB!=



MV:7=WSX\_-K+_Y[-?LG@Q/Y]_-#[
LGQ^RX#F/\;/H61



:Z
T0WJ?X%/3*'AV6B4Y*0'!C_Y-!E_F$WZ?W_7


TCG&R5^K



ML8@&))%




MA5./_UES[(-9U
OS[\/Q9Y_Y;Y/9A8I2K5*2IC8&Q16!XE):$R-5$'(;F
0M
MF%T:X'8IZ6;*MA(].RH8IF_G

M&Z780Z19*6&]14HS_'R U
OSMV^S\/PM-#^)MUO1:NM8:&YUHUJ.%UI.JE(/




'$6







%PHIZX;N

MN-OG[.*?;S^-AI^+I2^UT9*.F^B*E=/5QBK0@J:AM$2]05C%B:AL314(.A



M$X?;5


M?']8'





^
MSJFMB(62H=5$F2 ADN'X5!
7EP^A)-'IYV!4BAI) $7$J=,X'A2#CR4<J)2JL,DEA'X1@OO$96.
ME*7X0C6=N_ANM0 O^8UK@\F6.%C]3O6;U6;LH<=A]ZM?%%++R?2R6- SB#:

/E6-KK'.T


M[



_2L4'=/


H-/&JPA?\K7(J^C@Q

]\RS]Z

M)296W

M85]OW_R!KK##_5'MJN_JO
MQG+




M#S%[FM:;)*0LMSMLY^@M+9X_2

M!IK/X-PXL\*L*CT[YKYO)6N/(?O*H#[_G+)N]YW?G +/;;8H;)6AG:;_.G



)X50:
AWPE^FNAKUVIM5G=Q3$6Y4T


MRFC

:?0

LUUT
MA]\V70TO)_3[=[3O@83?TVU2UO!VPN7&
28DM54(:V8GR!K=AE*)=CZ\C]TM
M.&^/^[^U
1?9&1+!R1E&B2.Q#F

M&=(

3)L2?
MB)]H;5)\6X)I!1C!UQ-
A8*)912'MMAVAUMQ@$5=\4S0-H.J&B]LQ-SBW
M8 Y?#S2S6$#,A#FVQ:RSAP 7VC%;6XDM%N$6A\!!!&[X$%ABU, AL,OO4/@




MUW9MKQ


M%15F#Y

M#( P*H_&





ZR[#Y1(HS02:P'G\ISYXP/F&B&?




*7E[X&D$3UYL._=O
MDUG62*#Q&'I:




ND


Z$O%+-V:

?U'- %;84@T 2NPYU9@*WPH1]'=!2U;MM_
S$;%ILV4 Q$9JK&Y
:URPL?FP'+P^&O06I:1P8

MNSD\DF$H-24V

M*V+I:L8:JJXB9#Y-KPPKY0*VB=GJ








MBVYX*6U]1ORLT=A/&X  'D8:)3L1^FF#8(OK4+DQE:N0+A;Z:86_
?1C#'QM

17C'*U(@;8HR.U
MD:)+42YK5+$#$S14D_0O1NIR:DMYNBN&N5JDG7O:#Y38=B;.U1XH?OSE-D/4
M#G1=-.#1(F_@D$:NG7.F,_52+5*OD'HC00/;,P(^URI]:5%:V!XVN6#QRZ5,
MJ/90V:-]IM+9_L
+3[Q?:+1:AM*B_2*8X?DT3Z49CV#]J P.]GZ9-\@FCP]
/DQS':)]-
CZH(SS'C+3J%.,3K;+#*4\IDS7EPN% $!Y2IPVL(ZE%9SG:\
M9#&GZ1Q-]U^'X^'3_ F\9&_ZQ_/LS3@=?LG^(^OEI]JW!QGJB'Y@8:M36*2



!RFLWSX:0Y7);U\# (W
M??N03O)L^'F\[APWAM/V?NN4V5ZP!&1QBGR#25A$L?$IF+9


MRFF\HO[X.

G1F2RTT

MW!\^]T;!PRSS7X$63YLR)$P2!38!&0H0GC@@3D6&N-!Q)VP4FFBA=D!\5*DD
MM2Y]==7



MGU#C7'LA;AOX&T0:9PP^_S!MA+^;3B_N#Y-4V5IV4ZME]T_X:1Y,T;=^?'K
MI'NGJ)_,JDOCL^J0M@D.*-)L6EGW3KA&]DW2=]QX[4LRX^/69[UT
+HGF&)










-(K2K[CQ%B[[5J64/?L
M'U^;K92K%9G==A.&11
6YJJ 4OB#S)2\=#ODV'/XZ'H[^^F@'/U38
 +(?


V?J'




MYM



'0W=01AXBH4AJU?'4QP:5[=+N#9!\DYMSZ5&;[A41)S:





M@




MA-LHX

=:+KFH:

M%'9M0L3#KT6QYLHX'L8A26(#]IL#FR608
^I6JI
M5



PK;NO
M:7%VG66&;?;G[*?@[(1.N[T9%?T#WYO!V-D)G55O!C@(9]2-O
.18/Z5=Q/0
MD=ELF/O*W2M
BJW:Y 2*3BQV$S9+^PN^6P]EPRZ\RJEO4_C_
+$@90SL.X63


/?'5OE^)Z4+CJ5*Z7
M$0\YIRDQ000/P3I-'$\53$W)T/D\W2UC$

WSU+.[-

M[FG5D;28RC@524PBK4%-*@-F0LI2HD

'GM41
M:\(RSBQ&\DT2@WAIJX@-0#4:EQCG+(B74:LTK+N2
=%=X!VUMN8\A%1SP8
8
M0UH
HCSW_.5BN])G*
M2E,;AYU\ @$**M A@2


6IC7S#82D[G*PWDSGN7#\738OXR-=N!Q'#&K

-$4$9CE@2+AR! V3%3RGPV!DG;&B[X_#G//H/-




%Y%]7^7O)^.4I[HV
M!$@SL
]GCY/\O)AQ9;QW;3 ]$7#JBRT:0GR%Q24'M!VDE B&EFN*E7O18&
^&]V+N&6:KVU,<.ZH2%GE4Q*$@QBBSTTEEG:4RMX5HG(7UI\Z7E

M%..3O.2GGT;F-5D'_W;65\29ER]P%.:F",@YAP'0 KA3PD-J4!2(X:U(1


GE(TBN]JUS%QISW1%^J_-
M8XQ3J9KG




M6AN' !?:


)E
0\LL0C7_CA%O\FREM
MRR=6O?QRRI1--.1!(9(814)5120!+15*%44PR%5:!@/MP&WP+E$.G7!DHJ

=UPD!;'73Z29#9P3DB(6W(^Q
M)PQ.B-(4^]-(/1H3./YU\%4_@[\S+886A]G#),\N!J)7*HXQ5+:Z'J@6JV8
MBP-'HC#D1(;

H%?

MTR*!1R^
)$9$EAO&3&K$BOUWKR0Z8X/@2\+E')E8&(]4ZBJ5Z3N*K87CG(4Q






M@'



$B?&5)H+@E%GXX



'L@TR $VT$/
D#

T:YM@DC;G^C

)N6;8G$WL!#KTQ1L3I:8PI=SXG5F:X

/L]YL/BW4PTU Q61%'MNFK\


.RLL-(VZ5T



MST.XI B]K[$5B&4^&_[CW 



M^:%#U+G*)W!7A*9Y9'#=J:6B

J(A+L;J.





* 0T25





?TP_S0=#H:]'/EO
M.IWT_:OPW?]K
<U'
M8R7S9+/BPB

3A]5I4E5E2-







M;0!C0/


0Z@Q\G]Y\T TXL9
M8
KJ*C--MN=9Q


MC 4N2=LD.9Q/A^-L.@WZ8 ]
AQ@[*R#Y=7-]

OP\


F!0W. B)#R8B5

-6=2)7V^EFM:53G [2/X_09
.&@TZ4JVP?5


M/Y$7

:5Y*?%V?YZG\M

RRII52
ID8
M(H)(@^ (0T(7:!+&)E0Z
2PP=M4QP2GGA KXP7V$K=]Q*7BP6*SX]L%_ HV:



MM*=
N+

![ C!!

MQJN6S%;!:TUFV:5E-LVS_S//QOWO;Q\* V387]A=9^
EA=QA6 1@/EC #ND$

M P%-JV!/WE&SJ1*Y?#&



GO[O[)


M&VQ4TH5HG:QOW%S;




-OJ/:6'$R
MD#1*$BI

M)*KG9:NC@;

:)$ZL


M
7MK0G[!LH*]:)^/KEG8;ETL




M7?AB5DDHK]?5NB94^!F?$CFGN;6Y@1([)B=51@DTBM&B/#OI./&[3S/0.9^&


M$\;-

_^0(BC7K-&U
+\!#2.@HT6RN=\\;5^[O:IJN&:*/H1(A5





36I;&+IY$46E+Q60
'YIZ\-8&_12&_@E6UWE
PCE/:!R!-4Y#1V0*

6OY]CE#
MF1M_!ETT_%+

$DR040A##121$







M85:_.!3 (B

V;WQ&[ M419\5_WXS75A-W
MD?T9L+_C9NN\VD_%V0?^PA-O%0TI$V$YP -:HAT @?0LYC8*+!&13(T-$4T

MP9TH1&#-/=R\\^U@JS_V_^$7S2T;M,E,/YZ7R$6L+S2[%KK3 7X.IWDR+?



W93'C3EHEL
YD(^M;S5I^

MH.@7C?M^NRS6%F6#8MU)NTI/\2 6




9IY[_9WF

7Q5&\L*Y5N63N





 M)Y$SN 4R4
0Z:DD8.4E!
MDL+4ZL*[L.4




ET^T;W( 7B2ZY2=YD;M(JZ2D-GR.M:!3%]40!LK*Y4PG


M
12I Y*V=7[]6UD 11*\@2N%9BVA)%7#(K*RNO3^8A9V^8JD/+#SZ/L#*T


MFB@4M4Q#7F[94/5
=(@#Z[9/+)TYPG&PAVW;(XFSCG$66W?OV^_L;7E$C#=\
MH6(!8ABJCS_.:TVC6LEF@N7&#[!.F9@)+?UVW7D48BMCS'-[#I.UX:$
Q6


!:$D[4 VLP
(CE*QWP-(C



H
!:


MQSF9CI+QZD*P4SY4B0PIB?^WR1-^EU\$39/$RS
#.M0?82K6R[M5L!I%IF\0
MS\/8


ML7\U&G@UPG.NK
C/#\$TW9C_D H2W
.T_F&V9EZBW(NQ6;RHD
3R#+P#HG


M54EU

%I[:#9 MI
UND


(FPI


M8 :A&QS9S21? .N-OBC?V%1]F=OR?3ZQ38V:/L*L\H'0T1=5O0C05GGXE7ON
M=)7(\)L

Q*DB


9MF6J$%XL^YKWQ&)?E+E9ZAC+ U<D-F56 Y7*+D:H5:E6
M106&\9V@NQG!JH%3]&Q.[6?)'X@$:;P9^K)
?0%C[:)2P1T@L!ZY#R7(FV

MRQ!72-_9];!NND.D4PL[NC(J]NV9]M2_[C$=%\8@O'%#DQC2XXM:!:BV%6
/J&<FKR8
M3Y2+T)59A9'(XI7532@S<;$ZD%R$DI?L#4R\WWJ)E2^=+&@5R$KEPRPA$^
MIX2I?$(%,HT*]RA?A7\IYZQ)0K'!N%&AZ)II0BF#)FH24(1S
2KCE K#6D+


M=)7@D^K=RJ3?ZZ94B((%E?DH?:GQIHC1


MQ-S=]]ZU.@ 92HNL=&YN6##_ 9?M$%6T]

N+'Y*:X6+

CTG6(QE/,V2CM[@([ )1/&JLGN+%!U'GL;_:O0N


!
MR^(?_


2+?P.N T; =V6#?7




]7H!%:EF?MD7!4?(E7%&


H! 6TI=(-4@JY)33 \URDIY%





$:K-$?^#03(





M$PFO(X1V.N55F




[0C160VDI1S03
!-&@O',DHUYI_W!'C;P=+\,BO-+PO1DW'K6A/P
M=8B2*B[_
R.T_+S[[5L&WG




G^


M57&B%!3FC'1TU2E RU13G!B11F=EGC-5*4  5

M?CU
5

4
M90*)TG0?1Y




.7+@8!B:NDU=KKMX

IL





3?BA]ONG7)'O\


MS!TGJ)ENNW6I.6SPL51J\F'!Y$
0R6M2T59Z_RZK]S^&\O[S:!&FDX63I?\8
MCF9?I^HN2@K:+-/2P\+
R):-5LR0/=T3!^L^6BG 4([
4 8Q^S@=%39XUG$N







M6+M(3&KY[0^S1$1JU@CY-@$


M4'K*Z_T02[LA&@_#^U!:@^-4P:Y0V NB

M HK;K

5+8?:
MTU'QEN=-Y'8P



!W)G9*V5D&]9ANW.S54?2GA]*!L[*6E1LC4
M.K@ M77()-M


IQH#)/=:Q

.VO(Y-@)N;=1


A!41PBI;PQ-'?4
M4MRQ1?%!63]K[


49E7H^
M947!O_?4*+1Q+U%\&?KW'C*S;F;CB,8Y6<$4D
W

MR1#K\OXP2



B1UF\==R15Y




MGA[&CX4SHW)_&)0*XX?\U^3

M=G)X?.#_RO@EE5:QWW;?8Z3YSD?H_F__3A\P6B\I 9[E[$OPOJTC,--*=W=
MR#F9#DA]-P8VR$F'L$2&E,3_V^0)O\LO@JI)\D9D8GJCT/YS)=WJV UBLQ#

DJX,RC,6??<T
M088GD&5@7=K&TC8T&92M6*9NF((SQ#G/





&1*



MS^@SK*8XM&96J&)19.UONCQ6*UI)5/-6X!!S 099MZBIHVBOD6\'T4I(%J
M7U












LYF0R^P[3

(8-$P8HZ6UH8B/F6SHCG);%YV\1$-SV?
MV);G8S3TDAE+&[S(2]EY_$C^O;U?#4^7?TZ;7+O (;F%*-X.GQ4G^!S&E=/V
M5!N?L'(%R1F





M%W-.5R
-I']*69GNZ29#RF8VW//V?K
<<J/

MV^4LP4 [97RV*A94G6Y+X*+



M
6E]=A=8 DD:0C RK-Q

MQ**VU

[%7'
3

M@'UK(A

/)B'


P9;+_HF&1S.]\&97L(PSKG*NE)1$-7)8$.?
MF3JW*-4IYXC=


MJ
 Y



M2+ZQ8E]'J!90F;TM.?OI.;83.[Z' 
';Y!R;1[90+N$OS86MDWIV)ACOCO*6
M$A)

M9Z










MG@UT@HU9 %TRM


2V5(\4YG-<<(RIBS@W6DKJ1/7F9
M=C TO\B:;WYCUHE*IYKK9NJ0(X#H-0G9)KR!LIE:]LR;WZ@@- .RU%353!T4



M'ZG?)@GN7!59P
HW%#Y[0Q7G1]4%.77L.4#9

QL3WAS%3FU!$1410X7Z&
4Q%!K4O=VZ^S%S.I23GU4I7% I%:+A9$Y]) M56K83AVI'



MWV\^W0SNPS%L/?GBP6*YF
7/ZB+8A(/%3'UM]U[R^CB4.Q7N%DW5EZ2U
Y]-








M'M(//ZOP,T/TB+.C8+7PI1US7+G^


0<H@WU:LTT5T:\K
^#\3*65_U'4GG[#/5R(=3+[:^6



COZW(.Y^^I

MR5@_[EY.IV#(@ULW9N&TQFNL/%2G27+R=$JDD5'Q
K=&I$U^0RJ.6%Z[
O^'

W%)D6UM7%C=:*2MV[

^@X3]]N

M/7/A+B_6$1PPETI]P^N+A=?QC#S1[SYSV?.O25/O6O9:?W[TY\=K/#_Z?&W/




2VY$ORQ






MA\%#\V4Q^M


 ++11K[QO(R9
M/R3GV?GY)+_]?193_)P\?R/V41^+8B?_6@:]O$%%K^YK?WLV0([=Z7RKZS

MIF
8BEC:NU.


MP^4=+

M_QW^@M:_WP?RF'O^Y4#@[;-U'Y\J;/\AA4^%8KL*O9BE
OIZO4)\3?N?)
MB%]U$!\:\GO\0$WU#.A5J4DCT$J@-1:;H.%'$+TWB 4C98,]QOK7-7=R&U)
MP?4Y]='K@NB

M*\]8_G


._8#ZX=TQY




M^R59ZIHT;BG/;-6QU7.QYV+Q:HUC*$CG)K6VDV.K3.N'!+Y47FHGX*4K1.$H



M_Q8&D\7#()K.ES$T(6F#[[/XWV$\3YDBG4GQJ_27'B'^K%JDM(WQV2^7_0?4
M_



MAV
G@7/Y]!&B\]PY_*K[%QJ&X0)I/+)3HU3*%;W*+R5XMRUW
0Q\.ZX7Z
M_3@'\$B5
G_AS^#3\NEIHB:(!!
%

M%;_IM=LW;C!_4
5L(_@!YHC(=VEDKG%1
!-#(U;GIAD7))8TW:Q0+7EJ1FG3


#1B
M=

7CM;L.ZC6$0
M30?S+!Q%I[P%C2)I-Y*'<GV$4XL0Q.LZ;QXKR#;I2!_PE([RCU1O/*^\N#1







!K%RW -7EF[WBDZ



6KMW

&D:0+=VJAG5V*N9
M

MIX2\H/.:[D[W]MT[^\



M$VN.L
*;1(_1- #XF-= [MK #



M;BW--)J&NJB-6(T5;X'K1(Z?((U;'2ACV/?T?2_GCZ8@B+ D:LOMO]K(GR
MW\+YXK%VM=UWA?4L:W
KAM 0[4 ?:2\3UR43U^XSO S(B
-1*/V%NTFH#:9A

#16=:2R#]KU6J;-

M:=HCJXE8!&M
&:M19 F1-/T5DLE0X9&JZZU;YC&
MG[#TH9!&6AQ.NFA?6LS2&Y!OT27W(%KFN38<[!+9EK/MYYO/=^:= S:X@;

6O ^^_EM$B.TBPGT_3^G?N


##)ONB:V)5'DL
M-5Z

M&Q'HSOD:S)3.1M.='/5;X 3JDYH.A-5$+!&::70 O+(



0R7?H\T<UB8EH9?35:!:\ALVI.KT<QO

GABU3_


MG(2W]^YL.@8 AK$33(+I*/ST$(:+SW#S^&/A3.11OIO\C:#_]R]=(7K\&!

FE_Q_#0/S+
MI\_#+X2S+](=8 @3]
5X
XC&?WT3C;^8E C$S2_8)[;M4E_WB._KTE(;Z@[B






M-1%E





!?;5!?(\G5*/%-W*.6Z

0#NYGD\GL.WC0:0G8

X5C-9@%$Q&RTF@
M//IQLC2#

M7I-%4L@X6MOS+[G?!]YTK%1


T4K09)ZK]^+\TR4N)



YLOX.9GH
'@
%P^S



JO]2J( #5 JH

M+Y[DUN+9CR9A[ :+\.M










W?XJX8OU5]]?/<1C^
M;09E6#Z$D[6!W#3K.B]53?6RC0:PC]87#W\=_)2]7?8;?[D9W$[E@19'D_59
-ES83\R$Q5]0-
M(UB-1PC'P^ Z8)5\!*C/354OSQ&BT4(Y6S*N K05X-6@+N:S20E.T@*/]



\@9PSR3S)_D\CH!ERG0
E6D#=SO*4V4M17)Q$KIAU9Z6
M

%ZE*

H]


]7Y=




R[(U-8K/&?XE'-U;UURW

P!&L'WEYZ'/$
6(.+;ZP:GUWKM0/.F+)W(0R7U
J0- ^[URLO8

M-EXZ#I4@CE(A./JNBI;5VR9B]7+MMM
$:@7N

MO1R[X_10EI?/EHNGY6)].3AVB60^SL;A9+ZV-C./3X0T#8? ?=?W2)E97)X*
M-G_4
'A@VP
?) [G?
O9WO#!3XPI4'H+S(6G9! !;$0POL?+&+X/F_:U#0Q(
MG
I




[!L%RZINSF







M[3'5-*4.#=K79ZWB Y

]TN75/Z:NKXB9!^90OJ^'MK

77 XP
M@8RC
#:G\AE9+Z775

MR6^:SDK512DV7LUQC:NFM*%129OS ]SL

F2


M4!
?-U=-
3_AF+3AHABF'4S3J26K



MCN%%UF
*H_F_]7N0&#6!80C5OM*OD:R6^=J*$CT,N)S!94\F$3W83+G2$W


Q&.V;;Y

7BS-



M#(%$?=8_G?T&;\W=&'ND5UW'+R
:=_/N[2N&+OMXXR)X)V]\



MZWH 2ZUM4Z$I9V.J;YMVMH_M591SL6L::M]L@.6K3?K1674C:.!I*7;]''==
:_N)]@=G5R==



M]=1P/2_.*)%F69#Z\\!G!L#1$Y#-/*9C.&FP. N

^YC0X&8]8*H8!TQ$@&NSJFO+/(?2YZ;3$G1]6#L)UY
F8RJ

#P2OCV&$Z#1BXNJ5Q81(58BJ1@=O
MW_#N
2]3@*
10S86?LSWF3(14VTSH#:23).8EIZCC%$:;&&48Q7[-Y22G[^8


MVJR/\B PNXE72L0='
M=#FWSNE;FZ36P4 \CP/34F!@IL![U:CU-+N%5#H0R@U,I?MY[-_CQ[_]G6]

DE^ NTN+BM$
MH([7%E)6Y7


5%TVG:MUE[C3YM
K



MO?]P\_'SGX


MG3VW*)L2TR3*8H^R\B5IE+I8? EFFS)+D!OR&1/.-;V WM. 3[E0'(65.QG3
M!+8*;_@X!&


.2L'H;
B8PL^4\)=[A1G.#YGYC:$$






M=)KPW^YB%S@$1@'JA=

MW_L6Y'#E=
_(F\
$6T@?V=;@[\P^5[[Y'W?&7YO[5)J@O1G&_A6HB\Y3WUL8

MX\^PW]0-X


M.3_4R&J1J)#A)H%\LY1R 2LS
OL83%#=V
.3J\*5RQ.93X(M8;2V-_E.6.

YP]6[ UG3]B ?-2P2S\@5&*ES@YB(PJ9]?

$M4AO*+[Y-?35Z):CS8
Y##K+9@[0EW/@]\KM#4




M5=*IW6$ :]',#JPJ#/+B@

M%G



0FF0Q0(X3ST.D
:)0 #YO&1AM*R%\V,A
M 9YG=[!I!'(%Y*8'ZV(P\J1K!0@*T&)=RA_@@R;UN9@$BN?!:XN**& S.'M

M

MI4)
'2!U1
+73MR\PJ%SK+/L=7K.






!O2D;+8R_KU^


MQZZJ:
36N\[)IDHT^W0%GX413)AS!-:ZA[5NJ=T?EP*L6G).JYI#+.W4W6./


/H&U*D_LO=1]08RMDUA:$[++N-^B%BV2#X?YV]*
@W@EN
MR)QZJ7\/

M(K^(RHOW7#&/L@34U^2GHZ.UX2$





)#Q7;;+-C# =
*(-Z::LQI(UOL=4W2OC3

TO=ETG[


?M]8!Z[Z@T]H%6

M

B
MCG

^J47GV.CLE P*\\^5RCT':2WI/8_?N!(&E


MQ_) ^X9U=K2OF0JQC?
[VS7]\+O=K;.]4-LE&D[=TL2UK%XYI-%*=U.5.[


M!Q9P73_4AS2F;M ^5E= D;7
LSO=%-
FEG9VK*Z8#K'U POV;AWJ5_&3-/;#
0%4<T4

D]B(1U3J6UM6J9YU(\?$1_J%8O,34:*TDK[_Z3%<KQ_GXY1_7
MGZ6/GZX_#[Z\__[=/W_?KK^<'N-E<4^7']Y:8I-JP+.W/C.#WLP\R^L27#^
MF;/++TPQ7



MFL6GR

MK\VT



/^/]9XI!L5%[=\G

X

EJ_'9]V-N)ML18GO;C?)
M

MU9K=M8EZZ%S[




MV_91O=JO\(MLZ+U8='T
PM0?^T&&H6RWU



-#3U8&J7UOVT+B^.J6;

MR!M'YQ^2;)0 .;@QT(!T 8-7WB-8W_#7O&X*J;Z[^G7A@7+^]8\\+/ZV-$.6

M2$7D^B$KQ%+N2A_0582UPL
P O!?%J1%D9:;P+U+TBA$G/\W\Q
?7R+LIZ*B

MXZ)3



D9^7UV9 Q!:AMT;7-X



P



7E .-B )^EAD@ICH


^=






OF$3)V.0VN






J2
M@GZQ@CNG=?X4KI^92QBCX'4/#RM
-1S[N+ QHR#YQEM#&Z'DJW*/5#=-:-D
M4SA3DDCRR'C^ARL




M&[1@P-)_E=Z7YE*.!_Z4= &:%5Q@?4^R-:.GR3_](MWR.\U3OJ-X35VZU*S0



=&2Q'G5O7EZ$/9^[J+X0K!IN1*V$E%F[W?@3+ _)*
MB^T^N1WIEL(R7F](
A=NK$M4ZHLMVP3:I?6WB=&













1P;X^HPK\P(

9899;BFO&.:X@ Z+=N\)8AQ2&80
U
MFL



G]P:#T@NG?D*7SA^@

]D,_3+XU&;0XU*J38G1V(:5GD+
MR@^)7


M?-80JBW\##JX?2YJJ4ID^5QDET)
\ZC\?+2$\[I'_D
4]CPWF181&.CI1:\E

M
14\



MQ7&P/P3GA##*!\_CBUC$!+K[9_


MONP-9
?J7:O7@X%C#6_
ZTNL0//N[S?_YG5GUJYI7?^4/[

MI:-))*)]+]SF^G'NQ^X*OL:BF4M??42E.PBXP67IMTM G.MCH/FR?+@#&BR=
M


MM:&K[=!RNA?Q=V+B7A$UN

MN'-


M:%XZ17+;3R/T-E
V+=


M&C?&E7FCV];-L=- :HU AHMI'IX;QZR91][G@=6_YJ@I
P]Y^=/O9QP6J88Z
M2X%R



MA#R82:KH

MWIO2

(3TSH9IA/]Y-[8HP/MG-J_?GQ9


TANG5V
METM')[IZX

5K'!6=B8!
HZ

M/X$_@;_VXJ_K%_I-;)K&T37/K1
'=#AD=;UUD4';YLH1#5/7;/V:)O;3L/E
M]HVI=8=83@/&]ND.&IP#HRC;!308YT\V\_8S*-;8%!@4&#P4 KDJTH//2LA


MLTM7[%XNQ'RQQ


M/;.(9K4NLG/;LD_$

/G_@:R?

$)3R/X/(&VFUGMPC_137I

MA.#)6Z$=7_3KQ-H^]UV(?ISF(W8#;1VY
_WV[ 2\@G%-#;C3MBGRI3LAEP)_

U(*?Q
MS5ASMR3NC?\(I%:+=_+#U WO? PY:JGHO=!TD\C;ESAI6RJJ9AA$5;:6NB+7

-
GKE)UX0)1F\L?\T0FT(1X'J

M@$[24A:/\ ]5Z3
R'WU70K
AUXYS
WC_6?KGX(^_KE\:[CO
=JQLS0GL0/2

T
MSECI/


777IFY]

M8W?]\@D^^DP@\S!4/]D4L_9S/SC3C!A#+




MY6O!5(3MXS8%?AJ


M&?@P0EY%]
%/ITL)_)C4[Z:2.Y_'T:

*\


M_IO!2L;2S(V_T52:Q[Y7;C+
$HT2&G
B@17!R@KJD.!3:6$G$O79B&


MRZH)V1)D(PX+O/9;W'VI D;5.R/7ZG;C*#7B!REEN%T%'JY)K3?$[J/NR8



8HL^=9[ '5TIK4@4-MP[


V XR2*PS3.



M@E+]]



%

M_VJ$+M






MU3K)9'2=K@6  L#2J:FR%


MOLBN[XC:M
8(:%P6!;EBR<PAE5:9YWVN0ORNZ6M[G?XFJ# G\#?Z_#7=:7]_5JK;7OT

I1G4OM/_RU

MKI
/KW(^;^4^7O1%8U


3J/+]]LU@G

:72#) \Y07NL49]&H':!*
L=VOI2X--ZS$0
MZ0=5[^LPR








MBZT9Q@LHK$&'@B-D 
I/]%7_K=]<.D
MZ$9!L8-&@D'=#*F,VVN]+;!%21C-_##?I^76+85XSH^E7_ZR.;.44FD$'#N
MK^@+=%N(9K9/7%YLU!UH6YFQ%'.:S69PM!5W!I!4L#K$ X=K_Y+&4JX-Q]8'

ZQ$/O+N?7V*R
*FGK(



MC-8%J.\*L6Z9YP:R36SMP(%
73_RORL4H@DV6HYB)@:.'^2V*XDHQ%C3.*_+


MZ/RPI2G0L(BJ61N]VWZ[IZ8373\78'6

^N^)M%QK199&8?$X&:(582NL\ISO3
MN=F*Q.O]B&SC= PMS


OK[(Q_;E.M;7_0C'^-)X

WCHV.WS
W=L





'=%9DM1FA@AZ_&

M:G



O
M&VJ;1#N0 [+K%J7EL/6)'[JA)\+6Q4K%2INPTN[IB:
HCJ
'E# 7

M_0G-V&

3&I!Z9&S8!^!*(&HYB&J






M




0Z='GII \'CG

M88Y5J\JU^
N/7[Y\_/


X'1)H;6


MB^A6MS=T1T.N.
^$67B]\N[]-_


MB



MIUEI][3%413'T0-*F(N8SMTG=)O^A ;M


M5%L1M2\IH34@3K

7O<,S_P(YLL%Q1AJ^IJIM U''O.Y8F_%&%@Y+UVW=5U<42^F;D)_DOR0
M_P5_-.3DV0MMZ,0P.]] 3FUP0LL^0%14HNDML%8*L7]$HC(L7U9C/T9N=IS

M?\
52;H.
2OEBGIT-J)QA7U09R70XK0&+O_B?2BETRA+X *8_+2/!:K;$21C

9[DQH%7!]1?Z

SX40 _6DXV]*)91^&\KNE:2[(=S]
W?#.







M4'&(UM8;QV8@G^-%8TMBT$VB6PTHU]*F^X4&A^$XRD8!/=;QN_V
3=+Z!-X$

7YJA_

:
M)G2



M])WDT2!(YBZFJOSV3N:?Y^YX7'Q^\
?I]+=WBBS_^ [K7(YIC-\O* OK+W+%

8_C]_O;]]_^7]QP^W+PWX'2(K
M23^_05Y^_/+EXY^_2!6:7WT)9=QCSM

Q33*39+0!<8

[REI['K!]+
?Z0)@1'&\-A8FL29GY+\

N#S 
MP#C.6+3LA,9L]-%3GJR'ZX3]H.?H@%( JAB-JD?IA$

MQ4\$?O9!*KM!$M7&GD4QP@ K8^
ML5A1?!V?0(BNYT59B+2$6YP!=F.VWMIC2* TG4;
/)8_S[(=^0Y*( :R(&5




_8%F\
M^'LV8[TO89 )*%+1PXI6 QMC0
4OZC#*\V4#VK5^K3JH&E7IU'L3CNALIA
M_K[E_+BQN:A4097U[^SG^PV
8/:6

T=1
]0# 0
MNPY?J
O;NJ!B7[P/JQ6 ]


?4&M#QM
VN_#^]!:L+%H'6[KZ@V456]#=O?E
W^
M%./-)H5+X#QPPY1?XS%Z8(Y7@]91@&81Q6@% 327_X=PU83+5


OYM-I\'?OL9GQCMH(3&



MQ
B+

S
M6-QUD;B(4AYQVR]M*; ^/X$-@.


M.:8X%:)^$9
 6

.82$1MWKHWEY
MN##+7PCQX.M):'Y@/70Z[=OBECGWX&(XCPTVAW/_! 3&H!H@6T!^9A/Q5D@



MAGLSHC2LQ8R[;O_QP6BBFL94&6(_*V1^PXP_??ON$$4BRB H*R$NULS#&=
MX^G( 6(


%
05P45SM3$-+
?0(QF8(@
MP


QM?MSBL%SG=!?RZ-7I]<0I9V
M=!/)J!QVH?31H_.T6NN\3I$L!;KZ*JRNYP?LX-9[.QLBY_*\[O
G&R+:5$C
MFJ8211;M]81QL1


M(.7LXMC8


-$



MF225Z*HXW
^T2I)

SIB835@J 0=;7/RKJ+#&?R ]R
M%1:%@Q9EE&$9Q6.5E902IZ7_TGR^C^+M8V^7]D(*SW$&$OU@]4WW[ZIE_S)

O!9



M3_W




'Q9X\
MUD6C)^O:2!L

:+-+)-D846

#^36IG^XN^


M.




M583




6'X*

?0@M E5/8$ J/5<$E


]=V23DG2

MDN5WY(=

XM/RO/$T7R-\^D^$
[GJXLBZ



0HM3*!K#TW9!P[:/6L#1@R
Q=M(H6H4H*

M+DE 4IFSUHZ.]BK 4)FSVHZF6@+8@NL:U1K$9WC)CL2V6W$LIRZ1AD&=\R/+
M$!B:U36JH05




SL!1:26+A#Y(]D%!O?1NV(?C4.8MNC8*_DMP6RP_
W2T;+


UDY%9/'
MGGT?Q8&/4AZO[XNW
_DY1G4AM.E-P.J1'?J8C=$7%%Z3_7MZ4&JHZ#U)5BQ1
'A)_

2

R@P;O2^OG33;05XAW
M-J: 


MHFU&H0HLN#N








M&BM#U

7LARZ)'\*]9)ASW5Y[6]NFW9
MV]6^;94KKK]8Z(('H:4N=-R[UPK";P\?/U6SQY?7G%XH7D14XEK$ ;?#Y2X
MO/%8?9%'S\_<0PO_.76=CRQNX0S8GEM%W^\YOR'Y4[T*S9[[GWWG[0(]V)5
Y/-=LO$/._Q+C -Q
MAO]%


M+L%7\0
*!?1$$#P0(( R5;RUH
/]S%#45SVYP^'^4Q5WC:)TD?*0W2VDCJ6L
M[6?%. @1?K7@)&&(?*=[6^G8=#0(%*WD;+233/SPVPN
\)P5*Y\IL:*+&XF=
M2-NKXAW;:J3=6=NG.H2ZQ3763







]!6QFQ!ILW8!N)R/V
M2(71,%'N)ZXWH5@WM-GO;!X&CRET1N4?JQ#7Y9U /?4KC18U(\F6[( A%4+

3QQ7_3HDG@$EQ


\;(,FXA
M?LO[WV134Z IK:/Z'T?H/M1_VAJ@;^.A!L&,0%+1K].N 5=S^F0V[N*&+-WI
MT]6&NJY!?9%8SRV1'78AV)/ZTNBIJC#L0JE@=I7JX;Y7S
C;C:0_3- _&2&

0QF7
MC1X]FLV]8($HZ/==*'S
WIX=&'1*=P5-T]
\438#AFZ(G#@(.\N O-GV%@-Z

MQ9*LDR+E!4LQ0PA


MM!
PC=68DP4[$G.2=Y?8-X[.HJ4:QGGM*UGYFNKGS!G)14.*$!A[H#$JC3FQ



MIJK)HT%?-97#307KA2-Z%?[0^K4@?UQ=81D1C

MCM




U


M%YW)


-MH+;?/

D L=TK7(Q]X'QMZ?98GVW=I







\]/X;6)HVG8Y%8
T GF0T1Z0!-/(67#Z6C0G?+!^3
M95M$89HW0L2;

MVQ.K]37JY:\NY=7EM\D4PN![WDST:(-YUQ/'=SF%TJZ.FMD;[LC/S_(I5W
B




V=ZUJL:1DJE<^L:U4VYW;R[G&N<8:U\K_'OLWW\
9[Y?+@#V_Y-9^
M9'/^E'?)K;U/
5

M71




MNY04 JU%JTG^R(M'N-'

[1VIRB7O3 -6



@3VB*Z4




M

M/^







M3-2JS%03*.9N1
4&*_M%H JB73VA*]K:0*((U^5J1T3O+.1FGNUG+QU1&B
M%P(F:50E#R-=.P]HDGCH:II&8OYT)^CGP;AC 8KOZ)'Y=H' :ST5.
0M_V


0##5(UM%:V\/J!UXY%2?=_'5#'0M//QL
AH
MW/$&YBCS.5<S9]9@ P[OB/36OEV*.BZU#4#6%;=-?5542N;!I!KQ]5]V_'4

M2
V0L$[KG!VCZD#7N+/]J.W^/_:

W5Z+

1CKH_XMO(7O?YO:

MQ 815$15LRS1L@Q-M!1S



-4'NJX;
MZIH&K(@3^V $+[!X3+'TQN@S7F[\]1B_V
5ZNQ=%*(Y*:MXT-'1CT
.:TU!)
M\R9-

ON





?[5T@V,0E<N_Z/G&P!%/J:E\&Q=MPF
 O?8RHW))U'2@&W57



M80_


Z6DM/AVF;)=BFLM

MR70&0\ES_OE




N\R\$6G5MU70!LPZ;0ZGL;F



M/Z0UO*'Z 'YD?N(\ ?@XA')_E

M$;#KXB3*



5,:W
MY,'?'$9;=L+D!F7_:N;FZL_/@DK<_3-]BE=0RC/X_6%=LG/:PP1*$<HL^F?

$/GST7NF8R\L-R;




%X02%Y/
-&VBWNB&.]OQQ



ME?0[!




M\PXKLI[S=^)&+IO=^S1-!YI5=\#R;41TH=



M-3Y-K7++LW#A@(H/655E+C.H: V
#&2]L$7!&+&


4

$A1CACF+D&[!)NB=@G?W?@!


M_CR



PN5U3VZS*
M+A1Z<?155M<52[.A=^[NB*49%E?F3$BS G2Y =5?[%RD !2$B-
13-OY-
MC3.-O=/)
(&D=

% J6X'XP-







M(:9XL$Q2W*C#

V86_=AYPC))OFBLG/1

TF
^LM TWC&:MO6UV+F=6%
M 

?
M\$7
Q[?*++#!;[YPA3G^!K'KFWO4O;(S@Q[?4ZQZ/$Y*KL/.!K'DK[$Y G
MLHNA

M#_-_1:X*4&+[#D.;?VP8R!68Q_^8JFO[Y'@7?[9:3KIF68H@@U*(G_*V'#

M?4
WQ.% &X_5D30V3.V6//@;H3\COP*/X/
MNKPX70_^-1I^^SP2+BZV+DN5
X5&OAM= N+@<G-<P4^F%B?Z[]_E;[^;BZE+H70Z%





#\&;HQ$J^F4Q(A?5DFOOG$)
#7+7KO
M?5F$

O-GYP%^E[(?VC/7

ZFG[Q;#_-(KPA4SE]WI\
M57TT&EJB.E04485R3^Q!5175WD Q96LP,*!:==X?--=J-!^0,+7=DQQ@DC@

M(GZ\H^6(AGYD.:+Z]C0LO;[4G-)?S7QX\?BX[^'(V9=T_ZYF093?ZK=4#=)O

M?SN_/A?^L
._\/5V8
^%T=^)&R\VMH/#WG:05:!#YIS@1U.M 5-CHJ%C4Z3_
M(BWS)0XUVR


&5/ZB%0RX:K:2+1BL%$0F9S#X/T!/@79JGP'Q=AHVCL/B%B


B8E.
M8(X/XRCON('ES'(XB-!'Z

(\
^
MA*[ON'
*P4CGE78/P'20++]YZ
X(_F1P]]_44?7NAS0!
*/W_







_<]4;2DY)NHY<))R/X09P? Y.\Y5]$YI%.
MZNVR?JCX\C4UDYOUEE\1\4
X^&P@59K^Y&O:X;-'5!8U4\KLMJ#VA^




MLTCMY&?SP%O=R0[.*;;!L99\=-'W7)5D/5/23J?D4)Q@E9'60!.G9# G5G_B

MQX;DF#1C^%=Z



L40.43]4HD99-V.L$BC'7V*6M +O$^$@48V


MU43(*1Z]S
KYOQ
MS\S&AF9$*D JNS





[SPA5YRGZ2)1O@C&60M
6AJ'QX3CT'RHUTG2PG

MP


0OB#?


MC:+J4E):MT7.$[U2[;9]S+*=)$KM)ZV6=S

&#MD
5





MD2D-&&H# E/LQ)
O-Q&K*I?IX[




QKV+[XA0_(


Q@



M&GNBOP/2N6'J!=^C/



^P6:0;E


'K

MA2;.XH?VI\Y2'NW]LPJ$#[*ZD4)+T]H4N$J0 WE6#64Q6&&^1^F$;(J-')&M
Q**6RN/&V
M ^\B1#Q#'TS[#!]<X]\ C9. )S)$N%#


MZM[]\


L_S9T^!H;KD##^6R?$F+

M:\=/I(+DM=_EG-OBG









+?'TCJ



&I(=!
&V(OCYNA!8K


G-]-XI#F[3
S7NC5GIT

M9A@PI^]-(%F


7#-_]'?BQ@MLO)/(06[#9WF5


M]Y773:!WI?FN+$

F%)J
;3MNZO.^\GR?O!2T*QNTO2FD







ZA@FT0J;*@RX:V6=0M(
@
9




J6




+V-/WQT#6


;VZ]5*D

9R
7[

;%WSV092%)A YL)

X'SUV]X).&7
M7(_C?S8C1=?T3W%B?;C2QO;XB0='_U*YK^^AX%WNV7D:Z;EF&*(C8*)?%_

M\G'?-%







NM



[**EV2'-(

M-Y3-_I





@EOEET+I





M]4@O^83$%0#Y?Q60
KIWI+84*OBIX-&-W
#'XX4;YD1SHK[5I!J8*@_[MN35
MS

M'(Z@(FSDVU[E^Z$H3)X!9



MM=W  2U




UNK;T-S]S-VG
MG']=XQ]KEOIKG


MEEPRU%_;SOTV 1=P#G(.ULW!FKH4$
R(Y0&]@6[A1H(MA
@)?
?U7)MTD5OK








$VAEA^[:KF)[CA,F:.-B5[V&/3:
MJP!=Z5P(%^I -DJ.X;9+RU_'@?
7K4S%ZMYF
OD(+[JN

M5]%_\T.$7_X/UO73%$150$_.@^W?(\$+(O:TO@%4M7-*G^05
[$1FB+VG[%H




MN-@UQL:7-F4-KUTP1SXI@41/]LSUJ=#@


M4-)UN2!E/#Z6EZ_H$?D)WO\H?'0=LL7.

M8?L;S





#


FXG$_KJI9RE
MW@?HBP'CSQZJW)NM$Q4AAW1*7


?(?N79_NP50QHO0\?\W:DBY




 !P M:S_]DUF%BQ0IRR )HL#:

MDG[]



$]4]K!E


E@K5ZK(H;6-4S1KM^-$Z]-U5I=4*G(5(Z+^[*CP'[H6:<

M*U@^NXSW8(0Z]Y4B9#Y/XJ^LC#-\PIG9RP)!/37*+W@M.YKSH,YKQ^_;2^

M




[(FC+4O75'6[NG1+^_ZZ=/V%1_*?
MF
ZFW^R_+'&==^T%?_4WWU;NT\:JSU^5?UZ=W_T#-MT]73DW(_R;'1&V^%%)


M-(Y3=/ZF:3SF
&5



D#!'K!]%\2Z9%XE[I&*%PG(QM(EE2A@!\/7?W/@CEV




1@_

M'[



PR !&ZQ\




MMA+FPS$[=# K]@2(@3V$QMYK9Z9W80XN3=



MYT#\X_JN


MKG8O838BSR#-3S;V@4(2 S\7;86J$4A^4;*HCS\/L/DMR&1


! _?@B:$9C^


MNQ(N&A];I


@?O&Y'W]XN %5EP
M;3N88:[\ 9)4UITA31^8:C7



MG4YXW++20]_\4%5N7N ?$\9-/
R(?JH@X2)WYJ-JC&Z2


M7?R\KHQR8/I@'CMX17 067Y'04TO4_P:F%YRW65][/+B[.4BW05\/\*XU\


MC

1N**0F)G\\)0V)T
M7-=#63[Y&U9!P635*68XLEH*& @]Y'-



RGK@Q(*



%GY_X3
M$U]OBCH65+5+W. 1'?L+7K2T%CJ_KG;@-





M:'-Y5K2YO*O:7+)=O*L5.;YPT)![%]$X[SU0-LU\#;YXK5$!VT-&O0HB?+GZ
MAVO:ZU[%G\UG7\!8


M;)
L:








*%.@/Q6


M]H&%\Q-




+4ZY)[@)L?Y:0(1%B=%D*O
M

Y;DE
?:


M16;ACF*:[-
*&:
B?
P/T*S0SG[/07'8*9E@
@0B9C UH1B0I7;RX G3P;_E
OON
M83@-VW




_G.$




C['];MLQ'!T_5? '+[A#6 +E^FJTO$ZE8


M#K6


M]WYWQ?#^$6O@L



_KHE;[#6*Q)4+F26/+-+%'XA6
 PB:=Y^UUB
MO[3&JRI VJK






M8\_)*EU9[#&82YLJ*YVP$X0V^O#H1$)0TS+H2)+B$HQ8\6Z371/N33;5=M
MFBYQCB4
8-O$.OA]O?W;&XP@PP;PPF!EPAX\7?(?Z+)K&MRGAY* X3!B&F
M9Q/SX.47;2W7




M?N)$+B35)-4DU8X[1K:

M=ED$;]'6^^E8Q'0Z8N([#;Z(+B/B.B:1U3M&-U$M@^D]TLU;8%N**DFZC=

W(8-=\QB'4T:KX!FN^17(U=!V+9#?-Z1-MWAX6^

9N-=

'#\.86'@++.?3G*7VKC&D8
MIG-_#*SSVUN5?Y[[DTGQ^3&89 ^_O=54]:=5.BFC. %K%G^VI!,NX]\ -/Z
MZ=6*7_&






98.



W8/R)S_[T^\9PF
MV1-1YJ$?981Y?3W=(XY2F+&BG47H6F/39B;IDKL8PD#.9Q++/[:Y5A@#:5
M.-. &UZ(









M8&G U\Q.\[
@NE=N

M+3P$IG3HSU/Z5AG3






R;
)+M&D<%/
\DIG'HY-K]KM*TG?VW9SMX5



MK#*&(ZDFJ2:I)JDFHZS?
C!./M1BJ\HTB6?*.(ZR(%I@Y#7/



+W5Q$

M6EVBV0(@9DAQWR;_N\3J@KB7B3TR;4!235)-4DU2K2N)/5TQ)TX^U))WE&D2
MSY1Q'&5!M
#4GKP*(8Y2HHSH-$YH\4O6J5XXR^-$
T G41LKJD)XJW7;(ZHN
M0 ;


[M8K$-


B]JY#8
GM&83CL<

9\_P(WT+\O8G 4JFC4FJ2:I)JO6-







2P!38UXJ@!+E=*]19XP'.+IC4-;,@B,
MK^EU$WM+(X9Z+)$SS226U'NE9.3,8(!9JW4W+?DHN$$&)[KJQ).N3TDU235)
MM;Y1K5^N*'%[U=O$<P4I'6C:JUXDVZIQ)_=NFU1;+:WC!D+'3U_?5/L^-7%N
M4W60=)-TDW23=!.Q2?UW]B_'IO8[[R*/77\3^@/(0:UT#WEK0[.6_:4WU%/


ESP@2^'.7UH7

M)[N_S80I235)-4DU235QJI:Z&U']IJ-?FCE261-[G=)')IE^F1F


M!
BQB:WWVYGO$-
3)&FV
0R0:Q)-[VZ66


M]^#5$HI'0O%(*)Y(0O%(*!X)Q=
6%(]@7G?7)I[;V%LKA$=:LS1BJ(V]MD*L


R1.24$=Y

.EW)$DH02]B;:NXSI6Z)]?^K0
M=L6DFJ2:I)JDFI=H9IH7K@M@\S2K.FJ;B6(BVP72Y4A%FE3U+*D+*+IQEZ8
M07RWE@1^J_.)WGO\2RD8I6#



B3)-X!H+XTU7A+#$JY
SE3
]S$S[KA


MVZ^1F&JW





C[Y#-_:$C@1
3==!FW:W[1:!

M.3N]NPIE/W(:-5TEMBE *X'=B'=7)8;5;8#7K1=IP8;VNXK

M9OU3W!








]3^E89TS!
MYSX6Z_SV5N6?Y_YD4GQ^#;9PV]O-57]:95.

\H0G^;$E+7!8L^0 F//]:




D:



Z*9H7^Z&\5$0X(9)0+8H26X!\4\D0





MG6)MB=K:J7[F9UMC9AJ8WM(!B_Q-?VHQ3*PNOI(XG GVRU6RLN
(


W^T:


_ZJ
:$2G058D]]=NCSPVHOA)XD?WM/WR

I_C*!6%)-4DU235)M


MQFAZTNX0^WZ66HVDFJ2:I%K?J-:S(


M?C^Y^$7^(S9U^

M/@]9?;D?*O UL]U\UK7A-O
S]B]@?!0&RB6BA;-EC
HKMPL+N@S2
2S@7V B

+41I, C\IRBF/BRP?XV@@2;.6-!=A, LB
MT-A =VMY^=TB1*6\TLEN='WT


MW2*N*/VAFT8@;&(X





)?EI






03.A*O.LS41@?![Y\6U/%B&<T[KTBAK8I7=M2SUP^XI1+1D#_0XA?X7H
M/6,.\J5DB1^E4RI@3RV;:-JQ!/2V6ZP4?5UA!DDHF2)QK[LA(YI






M%H(HW75CO6#-4/CV$'8
3U%GYXF_D9KT_HU^S]V$\


0@7Z?P_F^FB0Z




MZC).



YGXP


#\






M8O;) 03I$J0:1DS-Q'4OIA^ U2!BFPUZG%7\61!F&0S1MZ^OQ0/$.8;  7

LBO(S MGZ*BZ[0TL[[TZ




M/N]EC3

)\4_3I')-I4F2P2W YX



M&$/[S#&'9U[K!]B% _P2=$M)
N5V

MI2.C+87FI:7]RY'Y0*6-WGA9NS@O$^NHLU8.A(5^/6HP-;WHP*_ 2\J^_E

*2[8 ;Z.K





XCA
@P Y-K'U?COS'6(V
M;[

;B:@R

LCNFIU?ZU'P132D]55BT_:R9)JDFJ2:GVC6M\]










MY78&[\4Q4'(E\SA!
!\8+%42F(M17Q)S.!GFX@+2^D7FOAAM108TKDSQ@/
M8#R4!I%RDL7W%#]P8E1
=/;K7[7GJN_/?WU'X(TA![ $4L%C
%Z0I@L_&E.V

U'RS\LW?*_P7WT2



QUZ.

__

_?%-3G^!%%+L@77TD7
M

]1D

4Z)]:N8S .]\9?P %L=<.U75 CRT\-*L2%TN@EYI8+]R
O4/#(T$;EG(]VSEL*UHX=



M^^A6K;O$-(_N
L



 T6T'EV-&I



M2G82+QCB


1QZSMFE
M?8$PX
;;O^

9E^8JCVP


M 6N_588?S^'Q
]@?H


G
MHLQ#/\J(0D%8SO%L\Q8PDP#&D8+E&'P_







[ANB.\T
%B-]^_

MD%NRNB7/X.B7MF0-9O?.O8 =7/-JL9_DNLW2])6'^^0*E? 29'_?6/K;VLMO


0QUZ?



)LP$AK<,G79B[W!7N[.N6<#EN6Y]\DZ@;D./Z
MO&KBVNOQSI\\#MZS#WACKG3.*]-6'Y7B7.$L@W
%E.T4R[*]:ZKPIU[NW'R
X1VS@Z:<3

M&M;S5&+L6ST225
XV._V?Z/TK-9$TK&K=W


)&D[.(<+=(@0@





RM?%)<PV-O!A$83\9(U5.U

)K\PX\F(?QY%J?931P&XZ?=



GZKE\^G2
MRF&



7QX!Z:0POI
M3NFV1W1#+49DPC
042S:DW/I@E#



)%P;&HXS


+=7X8U_KI5^5_+_Z\NSH;?A@,/US]_O$7I?#?9 _LN,3

M!6B


!!M')\R97J3HI2RY$(\]VVT:X6%%3SNS.]A1C6!8

VSTE2F7W&Q_8AR(!%X_DSJAU\M/?K@9J^%U-D%+








OTWNB\.YJW3]9'9DVY'+5V[';2TH3EJF=IM
MMZ7=#N5A1QZ



M@(&H=QT6./IRF_.T@_J/4-OAMQ-





M


8I5L(;TP63=FO3YQ?2.?8N??%Q^8*_/ZZ5;T$=.O)#R








BK?6AD:KZRCQ BK2
%7V9 TA^A(




ML9VYY8;_?-]25R+I^Y(RTF1#:PUEM=?2C*[6

MU/?_TM2.U 4RRQ#V1I@VY1;T68&\3[0
3B\

M2:S[ !O\1B]8%P5K2T2L/!.6 %SP6E&\Q%&N9MDMK_WV
,$J\5@-9=*]G]]
M-1;P$D%'6._E().B?:OG?
[!C







U%R'8!V5R$G


R
M8AU#/?)]N^LIQF51T32P9*].E



17H@5P!A!FJAFLT2U*4]4

M4^#2AP8_?Z2!M9;P02T
1B]]7$RRN

PMF!=8PP%H?'@M73
M8-XV]7 N M\F9!(*T\?YY
Y^$(F@?4L6!&^[_HAKMYG-98W@B

MP^P!65@O O5D3F/7%;%&7.Q%84'4Q=Z$!/!- 
MQ_$#XT-&E%/9T1S(8TCU9


@



M*&@[4-'

C\(






W&L  
M)B2T V?
A$C2


MH7!OT1CLOA_ F%3L)0=0/%.!E




MBL;D%H/\WRE5/.1F*YJ6=^MVA9$H.]P
!P\)63#
4;LE('
 C&OM-?.\))IJ


MN2P$O@FYU6/[L3M)3NE\6RW;)B[AK YBB7L$0H$'=8$-\813?8
YN?A@FG[]

6JXNM.;@\Q;O)S

M)!YZO&(O)':
WH[
RBO:N+G%[

_K[*T7@+LX










_T*%]Y






O*-LV
7%^




\L)?4V1.W_\]C#X \CUCQ'#]\CJIRYY8:TV=U2+]F^I(PTV=!:0UGMM32C
MJ[5

M]P37TZ
T!
O)T


MLOJ.ILMQUS=8:[!6KZNATVGPZEP$[6^=*F)7.K)HKPRP&(2H7XG.5@U-U(TC

4TO)=\7Q MYG=7JL_R-*7;5




1U95(YM





M*WJAKD#RO]A9H!^G+OQNB%UE?3_
R^. CJAUU]_G71ZLV!9J?1)QH[&WLC9S



3.23



$E9 5YW
F[ ZB5X_XE:B;F%:/0Z

4YC49J^TA8SE* 
%E@US6 $1


 

9(#A]GZ.*[P 

?%AVV TMD:V


VR9PZ!
MK;1@C:&#](I'
+R%]SUX%P:@8 A/) AC( ?7IQR:@24*8PN9V4^XA@$*H_Q)

Q@8Q

C$X5KY0[GWW3]2PJ5




!D_


JMH-PRZ@S
M=C@!1DM.)_@UI=6 %IP3$QB$,*9RAZEIAT88^D].R,Q!$-E%)8XR:$304TM
MJ?50O@%&D8F =!\9NX:K?)RR[UIANHZK.4]SP9!3_6S 
4&


M*0N/5HB;1%R@&F ^&%?


/+5XK[('QN?<A)IOXG:T2RD
M]E(FEM<QP39JQW/A6B60V[H\M)DBS($'@U   ^LY13#[XV6#0R$MDW.0EG:
M(;J$W*V3;H@=0P-('ZUG*TI

MM7D
I:VMCC$A?UDHIN9\F+Q

M@N7I/]



?]!&;.C!W_/:-9FF\^RS6=
#&AV_$@[
MOA++OG0G5[$TA!
 ?. DA-I3=&F4KZ+Y%1M27K(A7\7+JH&Y;6\+IJWPB5O!


-?@KPH%^MYJ
.W/R49BQ-A7]C'OK-)S ?EB,@=]'_1PXQ_0IFSZ/G_,T2(IEQLF65U=CY
MZL:GPG
)@+\[#K]Q 7=+^PB)T7CKU;P5ROR6[S 4.P%!!:%XNF1BE$\A7W\



MW3HHGQM=E(WU_=^JX)%HSDP7H+PJY.#HYQF[#ORIBJ92VF1J?!N-;Z/Q;32^

:; +5ERE
KQ+Y7CZ6;3





QCM71)CGK8_Q<.
MGVKJ]8#O[6_<6!^/UK=C(SMHN<W+\@Z$G@DHFV73F4V['FO(HOZM5Q&&V8-

MB)*FUF0[:R)OJG+6.W$BRT$X3BWM2*T%NZFB8=:%V_;=2DW4NZ6[\%1P-_''
M)GFD

LS!;_@#U$DPQ/I



H[MOWZK5
M*O.'J0U?K#?_8
_()';)E^F=]P1P^\%+GS:!C(Y44=XP.IJIC08M18=_M-ZP



2Y B ?


M%7ZUF8@TF#1AGM[BZ$\6+A.OO?/)_*$Z=T
M-%&2UL?)+T?8'GC%9X&V*W:T]1F5!X-V3T%2
1(?.9X3@NTM//K^Y/1DO7?H



MC5?7^4UW\.\$



2S7J)Q+07V&USIR&(=D&KNZSP!]OTI=4O


@^GH
MV3BXTTP$HN /671Z#!JWP7!UIH@(T8K#+K!? 06,B8)5),,X0K+;0SQF7
M+K%0F



M4&P(7\; P90 PDUGJ^0%1H-^]@*


.^S*#K[#%+/Q&-3P2T0).7[:SP





MLW!P'S'Y0S\'PH]\\CZ714M??\LD4[;L&_G $845QUB^2/L2?NZS3)KE7PIY


;$5
MO&38D$4!SA?J21U'^&/9R@[*QJ#K';Q3)X[-*PNCK(FZ4KI[35V +-]_MX0

MUQ

M#MK@K\%?@[_*XN_RC_HW:&]^Y$77FC-_I:%M3
;K /E&UD59*=UZ8N]3=V
K



:%!6$S%Z1)ZZ=#.SN39O6&L;



TZ2
!&)C0HJXD8/2)/7;J=V5S+

FKJVZ\J%7UPC3X:_#7X*^^^+M\)T'-\^!KXRVH@QW1

ME892$;MZ'6SK==/O!O0U&IBER4%61:V) ]U)3ZB@)R9^/';)J313^1FKJ=H;
M##88;#!X+ .S?!_D6C:@!'OMAQU;3N9-Y+3_9-:^TB731!U^W+KQ]/WEE[YE

M+#P&^*


]!'M6)]3+SL<*-Z$18NF!5M8<C'+7PO^&/8+1[/R)04^8YCPXR.9[LQ



M12) ^!.K60#+&&2($X)&0_L;56SK?S O*&+8J0G?L?P C*X! ;#IUB.AX *5
MDPA&'OFXE/6V5


Z!A_^HX7

7S@94.F+NT'Y$_: &V_4Z$O$+%T!/71%0.X.93KX1YC&KMN* +M
G'&F
M1\Y@WZ[R_//
QV71(V(.+A:





M@?[!04%*Y
@M&SGQ#W!DYQ: Z*(XW9Q=W1;N/.$SB![\F:N\O(H#]0T+MI'9


MX;[3AX'Z8:]--&X2??\
%O-
F



MW


HV0?



M.#VH.A[
/6=8BF965)!C",,LF8@^E09M'!NE%ULM,T^UK +#L*(;3%
B.
MN0\TSS0E+G(9Q9)P:!)4G7BHHD.YSA3N#J/



M+##B[8A#1,%B8ZAVG#=:9Y;8N5%YX%O!\W3^5Y^Q)%&0EV=*GR 53]AYV#
M3Y)WE



ME'5 #U/#?@F^ 9CY2U]]09

MD^+=YR7:81Z7:J\:47W



M+05#=M6=$E=++&%URIWJ$Q]DIJ_
'+JXN?Y+#N5H.5R^JR%+94ARHVJN&GS9

S2#5NZ5S]D\'Z1K^^.Q713NN8E=6?E0Z/X(&+UTI8#?4[I0B'BVI
MT1G!=?[SO;GY@BY[)&^D7



M7


X\V=OWL
M[S5!:L/O-B$8()8^]L(ANS3MYF5BP#6?\C%ND[SDX#86!IYPWINK'#]&*LQ
M:0)K6EL
/44I=;\BYA 7K:$W.4C([:6?I*KNS^Y(?&.UYHI1K7E/H*F6XH%
MJX7%45*O'LNBD;;4



6MZ8ED.8
ME)F 


V'H55G*%$@3@35ILM!+*)J:E.;MD



M7
60M(!OKI!7#FU\F91# O+D@




&-9
MM;:VT(
S.R(/F9[7ZN($X=/%8*%#/B82#[&'Y9@6PL'72%,=()X\H$2*0RK
M4DB@91U9;0AJ#A!@.:RZ-'C2







AQ$44JW

 +54@5ZC.
E
M&X9S$CSBM<NO_&(RKPRF]:-Z6=3.7CCE#$KG2.?BRY=&3 -\ N@5/@O!AKQ



W.3*

R3D+QH
[6-[



MR


RS3 C4JE
M:2QD''$*H-U=L26,90.1.']G242W5F[UDN(=U08+?YN_05NL^T_)]=UQ]KV



MU04):--K7HZ.BA\4*NOO:7CSYY@FHF.^VU]H(KK.G!(4-NB#
5@F(LUD^1&;



M S('J@IYKWL0+P2\W_Y#EAF$N;3\/#3

M )*:L_04%%*\-H'@I?43V%






7-K?I#R2T/(YUGBH#!! S4IV##AI942JLJ6P: %J;XNFY#6H6'Y
M_K0
@QW%($
 #*0R5O^(2N.D_L6&:1*46OG$]DD %.OQ@Q ['P'_)W4L)TYH
M(W%0+^YYRK3@/+3@%
N&O_?#*+=!O$C5QKI4?59Q)Z.%=[G:&!&%
\52X#\&
MUIR3:7+ZX5[A!FQ7 BF^E!%!6N
\7W8:?I4:
@[MD*\R28UN! +DR4P80L

*MXR\

M

MB49AQ]^MTF#-%JS? *;2LWH:UU8L@YV$^;FT3+4








MRYG43URIHFR4=MK4@L)O-+&CERZ670\0]SCDU0- L[0'9BM\EU:I[7)J
AZ*


M^A_E7HE^BX

^

M4&11/K:U7Q5KX8
BB:94$V#+7L0=QQZJS!9J2M-2ZFJO
9KKGP9O#=[./^/;
M+
VOUODP83:LW-8Q,]A*Q@&V@.@R^
98)*
$7OK^_Q8MOWTFK/=!'C7??Q
M 

ME_^[1O_DXGS&*UW EY!:@]@ 0Q?58Y]NSWZQ+&K=SG%!W.D 'RV1\XS@&O_Y

4 '=:3R2P'@E6+([G]I)1XA#^'RA0D!
M^3AW/

M'^K@ ];:2ND(NJT UDT




M=:*@V?MC['W]W3H[^B5_(98;S00;C6;




U3G


M9D.TEP3F@8FV]E)_J\;=@LKCII8?Q
U0#5#J[T7=

 )OD<#1; P8E.WRUQ

-K: E=QX*X*R^CE/;*-Z9!5(.H
M!E'U1]2EM8N&Q?)LCC7;=8PNM*4G/(72:[#68*W!6H.U!FMUQUK=7,+;L[L^
M+Z=QE=J0?6R)DG'%JFAV:W(Y51IJ5N3*






WA 9A@\]41H






G]D???C:4[5'^=LPR=]+7
[9V(WGN9S) 2+^



QA(I-0TM_[T R=ZH4/;
M_A

MHY



M


W0:9RY?[E:-YW






P(Z.WZY\):B=RHHF249NFM(955(7  42EO

L


MS9Y9P2









MTU.#KPP&/;4WZ+=&AC$\&][0!QFOR49O:XT&(V,?K_S!Q%@?](BDKKB7?4






$Q&@$-L

M.?#BM(I ]^2%\=R\5' 88P^KRJJ(+!$X%P.!ZFB;%U:^;+^25SAZ]SCIP9T
M1\LI6%'

L6&%9O?MEQANF.7 G8R@D!&?V276-9&ZP'X'5_
M)'JRJJCS5)#T
A5TKWDA$8+U1^XOTY'C61[VDZ27_Y6$TX3MU)2UQ^WE]2]=
M6W(#&B_*TUO@3PZHMPF[Q_

M!N!E:=2_[0R8$
M?3NX(2A$!]?(BH4XS3*U3W.H=G4@)/Z-3[J302?+@=C0T




%+NM:M[P)

B78\)X+FJ39?(^6%ZZBBI1-=(Y(W27KKAR 2RJ$1-7V

3!%SNR.UZI:)HJ%:V




MR)6.JJ:1











M74-::
P&#6


XZ!7





7G1#4%'RR:$_J&-
M0Y:X4E


SI2C=H#1PYT-ES*G6U'%.B
MQL=]!M'Q
GS)*UEE:6MI2X]
G=I&U\3@]!-0@[SK:J:@ID8]:EH
9)\C1O[L

M46$0B?QB%@@TLYEJ_2XQM0QLS[7-HRUFSLVG3];M5[BI!U#XKVGPH=
#]9J^

I5T6)!\Z#W'2#Q)YV=RFT?DE
M:Z


M&\?_T?GCNGO_+RZ^+BPS^Q!_EM) @7\PP0I1]NX/;\A;^T[?UBWW?$106.

%
+HD$GR)


6WO.
*32.;DN3+H^VC993
M@KD7R]:NH)^;?!)M6ORH]91A+7&4)+)+MPG47'S3
Z8GN'$RJ)?^)!OS7H
Z
M448I'^
R!)\

H


M/P(P-C
_C#II

M\)[;JW K
-34+XV4'SP#/M7;9!/_<QW1'_L

MH)?G9^ !:IE:9_@*B%9OT9]&)SN/?B^+ =[LV5=AQS3L2Y@ZT?#E8;Q6&YA#



3KY

M



M5I[\Q


XMZ]! G[ZBW)69;5-]5'2/8G//^(+87-T;#:O





7Q]!/_

!CQTY4'<%S+&ML

BGX:
MTWEN^82JVIF9X+]0B]21XPR?1L9NNK$
=TWWU\B


N_5 &NFS^^PI5+


FNOK[I )94;OSDI.[\SJB=\?/.BN[
MRU2:;=+]'
D)*A.6Z/1RGN@


MWC'\8[$ J1





M;/.H29;R:X[OD:A(-W[\?!A$%2H4O;_T=IJYC/#XV7X[)^-)7#FH:1''W]




M-NY[

MF*L[FDT *XA9@EC


\#U/MR?=??UXMT)=_[6'QUV0AR[]E
MQ
-*T^%++OLEC\ML]GV0O.!]L?P-8\28B7[ _QH@B9:PBK#=%39C&K
QUYAE

M^ @L_PJ\-




7^4Z#^V 4Y
)$71\#QC.?U#=SI;\LX)P?H+P(H)Q\1





EWYBVGEU%_@#

'SW:
M]63:9$(NS
S62#T])62_/C9:0[4ZC(





M85NXJQO&I
?E5O^3?
:D6X*RWQ\5Y=(BUX)6U)\
&8GE5[N_5RDVVX$D8HI$

J


1'WH RHA/

PX
MUBPIHB(MI-114N!ZR#1C/I)+3H.;YAT/LIATI)+TP)C4D
E5K!

^ %7BZG/


MCARAL2X%^\!A3.-6EPI
'(
1YYLA[0

LH*B8XT)L3Q(VB

MFB8H



5ID%F#09Q3ZF*]$ZF'S[[/\*7X<LA2 )M


MU;&0+'[QN&::3E=#&



7O


B$KC0WHFS7&AO2[5K4ZCJ:


MXAB3PH'(K$01?&T =T5


(J#4TRS

U5H4.\6G
?:%(8YK[--O^LC8UTTF





6CUE3


3]
'L?


M$DSF^/8!DDD@C9* ?
BF4RSO@G[PHBXNIW$!4[TE)+CIFI@TW4L)3H7AE@F
M,*,@UFRPXTR# ^QRQK3E.'+JG;Y;G

FZL1)QW_
@J3SV4]ZSQW


0+GJ5=:2RY66&=R5:


1;P/'X_ *8B!


GFT&(E%U.[:


M\396=N+!(.A)]]7VDZ=\S]C

!4M:YCG1#YZR!XOQ@
M\-$XQ


C7I JU9$&
MR9NLR.N!3DGPXJ*J#%:2V?N.4S
PLC$W!




-!V/^PA&'@/6 X^$)?9*@QIA[D
M/T;3UCJC@YVJEW@H2L=MP+?HE\4:&] OI5JY*-_KC@K 9UG;92(!<_KWZ\C
YGZ^ZW
SDFKS;D:BZ<_% J?L=_Q)9Z.=//8#.$%P 65/;#TLO8#[D5?(YA8(


=A+P9JOGM-U
A27I
1C#K%3CGZ*


MEB.#

A)
M\6



D1G;:N
M$V$RBMTQ4@2FVYR-LV9

MIR.S&MAIV=0,\54D'O4]']!M['/.A#WT4LUY*B6@H7X:CB(&]#WC@M)%=^


0O6J##.


713YBQO!J^IF&*H[

M%$6QMARDP%VB(X9=S; XR-VNH3;H
8W:MN-9R/

3F:Z@RN(4=C#%!Z:IE8O
M7_:LIM_%7IR\^-?1H_P?^54Y_3XZ4LN/=$.LV

MI'4]G0N$A8FPM:[?9U*5

M








T1AC63-OL:C;F
M\#

!\&
Y;&




M#IOC'X!#\(W*9FK#VX?.MZ%\RN=U2PUN2C+6=
1UF
M%V*#WP-.?_8N=X7[49:7K


XCV




MW@[EDF1NN7MQ $\]Y@(#K





MJAG4

[]
D5(ZURO] &?71E

/ 
A?&;]^2:Y

MF?I

MVK8+UA!M:IAWW2)R773TRQ78T95-=
TZ+P'XP1TIGC8IPW[(M2^O6]$%XR
M^!2^ :XG]3LC7

MMHDUCCQ#)UW+95U#0DV^X0^_?@5[18H9;0 0=U[R-XO?@@3$KRQ-(JCS'OA)


@$CIAM[RP2^629P*1*


MLG1*5NP%+H@L7

A(AC8J*C'!-4
M=O]2\L^?BK[S%

MQ.0:%[:G
0OIFF58MN924[B&9=K8[4[D[G6D]'0@&\M4S5NG]RPYL1/F+YC$

=;.(7_R_9^ XW/DJC()XFZN6=!!'2Z7R)
M
]GNGL$O+O30PX/\@;P+(_RW29]]$D:]\%66XKS$PV@R5GCF8;)3:BC+]7K)

=B^!)F4Q;=)#((YZ-OO8+6!(3<18U8O


'7:C(@//[F\=[_


.:9I3B
\[C)\29M 2^)7U8Q
G(S PZC!K^L,W,.PQ5B:IY$DP,_O;<AJ#0
MDP(4H9A#Y IX%GERC(G\BC'Z&@*U3J=<;3 /*M!VG08&WZ
0$AA$U/&-IRB

MT@R:BP^_




(GP.
P,4FJ*8(F!%1LY)+.2]/&DT

[H!$L'@S[%(J!T_(CQ


MP+P




3GG6&=)KEK^N@ .$+-0TZI.]KL(GE=GK


!Z8+0XP\(!%G0+NU:<HJ^D< I%9!IT[05W)F
M9'S T(51B_Q\%1#+AEN.%V5$D?Q\V<GH2NC+EO/PE66BJP!09J*9:9JU2D0?
MW;)B<\[S_LGH*M*P52@JF88E!V5A-P8?P#P(GR)GF1!U'N_3_PH]7M9'G)6

I=ZEQAXU=RH+94!U::IJY +ABRC
MPXU

WMS
M*
1%U53.%H1S8R%757WZICJ0S5PQU[._LD+*4R41L('U%?[CB7HL*P2?K09_


RZAL

MH


3D8'D&C8XCP;1











0@ER$1$C!45(Z=0






*H
FE

(RWG4:ZS'7MEF#*J5Y)CT]RTH;8Y
MTKP?($T-Q$%5[XJV_SX(,E(]RPM*?P&+;Y\:&1TMPP*:O4-B]%RA525V-I

M^:IF4DY_)\W\)%-UEO*E-'A3698Y_79R81#U9RXC&L7RT?V9B_[YT\S#__G3
M%[88?5$3NL&';8T;$S=DAKA1VN(:


MP
Z!/;U/ ,K&M:G!^$V=\ AW;B1_UT?*5L.([\I\3WXKB?;CD/1SF+^7^]
NL6630R,I.?=W=Q^C*;67AXI9U<PUHJ4_2#\^5/PY ]<]393

MEG8SM&.FWB3:W?H)/



M$JA(R

M6^;N;(W7BOCJ[(S7T_'599NQBWQU;OKP9'S5ZL
)?[7\=/949J9QUE(DRA*_


=.$6\@(3







MI*L3R
#UI%@K+;!0S5,/7P+9D@7IG_-V$KQXV,0C'L]+I.1 AFU%8^;*.@
M.PAZ62*?\G[A9(0O==)4

_?
TTZ2#5(R'KZJ#=6/?I1Y0=_6-< 4TYXX\R3

UCG^Y_7+:Q*_%=J#V4JELOCI7*32?GI0N43







9^@-9X/+C
M-4XNE8ZH;J.%I QR] N&?K!?#3\R.5S!S\EL2](+FX0.6(G#H11G./Y=PP

_*=6/G&0D;K.B[





MTI

9
)
?T



Z0M3VB
M$_IB3C&69A\BTBPDAH$
O1G3#!;H/RWI2A[CY$5.(/WZ[?EE9KM/:F@\_\

A'B
S:9
!AKEAQ9Y?[=??W]:&?]S\!/+M=*6N07

W2.&FU1C./.
MQ?

MC75AY%6J5-0TV.;$41H/PKXJC;O.@I=T
4N0!;+Y\BX -
C!8M&3NNJ(C
Z*

N@
G_ZFY]2NW]%8[#+#.U%=#


M@RP
\AQ
(L_C%_]EIA?M+N[]]1@G?2L)_*X?)N_CZ9[W@?^29D&2WDTLSYE#
M?:%TYL(@-4U1;*'S'X$D9N3$T6.0!'!X;QXG%![1U1M&_0NE*V
&:B9=G4!.
M;!BHZ2%RABOXB[X:!*W^_1VH+D_V)9.84%VHW6*

M-+R!1I9+ZN2$;WF[G

'RWC&


MO''FR?_V7](+-RZ1;JAUTD+4K*AX;:9C.?6\=$FZLC;N0FF+F%[7%7;[T39_

MBS-S+4?O@S5VMG[!.@YR/-(_?\:
MIIF\^U()2VG=^CKV)ZS2J/*Z)'B63Y
YR]YQ5Z/5F;9(&**FQFU1VO;[JL7




MNV'W_

]2:A$B(FH:L-I!PU7JN&;*N^O.%TK==X]I4RK7K;AI&NWJM





G;#MO



D3
#=H(JU]$%GI*28L3-T1Q33&5C
 =WIH&DO4W-\@








M;IGIV




M0?]K_)A]]Y



2ZLQ/Y\P_9T(VI



;;5O1=<QM4D





U#-POS](/SY4_#D#USU-O-$^1)'

9&FIP_09A9MQDH&PERZTO5#K[*JQ^5
MG 0_&2':1$5-:=)F .M(&XY
*;@X%34=R7D=O05I]K+2=?3'W+&4B]^::7
MG8=&X0*I@(/)S9J975/](/'O4==O?C)7V=J=I7M.]=5MXH M2X&'OOBNAF




7F

X/8=9.99)Z5XCHT



:?Y%I'%:+@'2CL1N-
M;S :%5

MU
XL1?T:S*\_U/9%_NO
;O;KG3
M
;Z;9#@9A-U:IQN*W5!\BZ'8+70ZUDO



%+VAH-5=&E@TR *8[M





M

J.Y/X9P0MI(=C'SO)?]5#@N?C!F52_@4XB7R-)G5/5
AQV/^@:K-;=
B()

M(A
CM
I'@JHIABDA\_< ^H^[E!#UWY;M2EZ681A=#UV!K7V!<5U0

M8ULLR32?%!]33$YO'Y8J/L;X=HO9Y4/Z3/U94X9I#%R(X[M
@:-5V CZZH\Y

MTKDM3UR.



MUJ!'FW_ ] $IL# 

#



MF#!IGA5-^2U%!#H''-+T/O9G/B+%YV.$PD1Q--Z6T;F8R ^(X?)6FB$7D!OP
M+\.$)AQ&87-AV':!N


?HJP*Y[
RB@R@&[1!=%X
9_ )2?'LDX_N
M:;;G6J]C$_\!):S.YRYV?.O'/UXH$3CS:0W!S+&5@3N*JUC
3S(L7N\F?$X#


-\F


[U%'GTB/'FP!Q:5_A3A

MHB





X#B&8G-:

+-76.-W;+X'1-(IF@Y]H
R71







&KFM

M*J!XN/F
_HK(B!X1.8BQ7:7X_X=G=]$\^8D:K5WPUFQ189')Z]51$=AREZZA



P26'QQP#QX\@ !_O[M[OQOHM7&-$LD/_:

IOH/0WV.6I7[?VLQ_ +P.NM/?
M?8$N)RB)#OB5D3SKEY=_SYH=XS!: 6*O-)P)]EJ;SW_\7Q^.9']1]1-5\U[T



M157;$E6[6%2M+5%S+
Y+30MZJ460&O+ F@76PM+0N@7VP!]+8L@'ZQ!=#;
ML@#ZQ19 ;\LZ!=; +TMZ!?; 'TMBR ?K$%T-NR 








M;@N511U.S(D[
  ^US+!]U/
OJ.


MY(LNM0!U+%A*O2CWZ


*S32N

M-TW%

M]-;KT:Q9H+UMH:8^H96:0 N4]$!R)4/T71T:V
UBD]#202M$?L1
=N6]6Z?L


Q^


M16U[@P6X+@N*\I V]!&L[&
MG:LU/^N7ZERT7I/H$1X$@6D/$#_^P?IK2^E#

MX6/%+OL




M67+PW.CRB_D;NT%$!\=DQ]S
Q
2'X8%[4_K2%:)3Z@]P6?P5@PR&&UAGL(
MI6NX
_+O!TK^
M#HY*[W]]'&PYR) 8;1U3[P-]93 +8(_=QU&84]&/HY !8'U
+05S]$M+PW




M!(5QD#G_1TLX&#
4S4-\@$T]/EOOTH$9[P;#MHM@F

D143G\:









M9#P0+IM02:7R#P[QAE2IXLZBI4@JJ918%T5+*25:BJ222HF5(JFD4F*E2JI
ME%@IDDHJ):'U$RU%4DFEI#3I8J5(*J64:F22BHE5HJDDDJ)E2*II%)BI4@J

_*EHJ


PGDZ5X38Y;:[CR]VYU;**:;(JIDNI6'%^/^YNE)35
M*S^_G[AZZ1SH=5H2[A
\!%]D'__K_P%02P
$%     @ J(!22CH((Y(P
MW[8! !    !T:'
M
C Q-3$R
JOP'G#Y<DBI+LJ3U

M?G;W&1T?'$TC^/EA\/#Y^?G R'C


=OC[[??WN\?_2GAZ/O/[P]^7#\[G_*I?ER

MX$E6Y^20

M/
ML7S4I=
7BLW1N_VW1_LG1]5:\6I)9&
U_::Y7CRO?K!8$#+GB213SD.I
0'U



M_JEH(4


M)%M?+WV::66KRKI70FML3:97E*G1G^+HEDLMT7F$I4PA!FJ[4Q7^V;&0XLG
M2G4Y)023)),\HCAAN@


MYU%(A+S\)5&+RE
6=NC8 =T?3
6!AC]U1\-]S(.?4[Z_0X:SUWYW[9]C.;^*
P8:4RB+A,! $T)(L%%BO=
M:0L.J&!

M#@@=U2%T1P+%(%JA:RD3-8Z4L5
1P2-H
(+NB(Q%$L2)TM=
J?*.1#!FGP8Q

MOFO2*1#SR[A-=*I6
TLBXM5M!(MP%L*^=@EOANJX%T&'SK^OZSPC_@9I\F_



!5Y?'

O(YD]4MJKV
M2RP893-Y2X0^(^NGYO6U'6JU+&

MG=D1]P-(5UH./%@V/C-0Y(2S[?H;=$/\IF#&2+UJ[E/EDL3]XCXKOW7#%T
M)N90OF75*Q
LW'5\[




MI!R0L*R(.5GPM$LBX\=[@J\(]9FRT 6PHXJ;'C7=_77A9)#\Y9Y\)/2/ ;/
M'MWG;SC;+Y[DC/R68#N30O(HR2^)^GGYU%__ZVL[=&Y9@M*R)#R.AVNTV!.
MPB0BDRDLF733U
K[KSIKP4HOOHUSQ. %P ;T';BPC(
Y!ST6%#QR#P^/DQT'
M\F0/MAC0DY-TH

FR/#O+8



MZ5\]




M?G&&(J(

M$ J



$#D)_JD]H%W5H87!#U5) PAT.Z=Z@X[M0!N'T&#O!9
LGPVKOFK/T$'-BP;

@K

7:Q:85+3Y0KS__-!(Q0$*RZC88[+


6R17;'2VZAF.8#3. M% 


D\S[XL9
J
X'R[?DW
VOQHOY(X



#+L@Q7


A5!P LZRU%ALT57PZWN/NL=$[-4JZ





]BU6O&H&9+L+=LMI-^R\!-OR/.V
3MLYJ;HA:MD@* ]I .$L^2ISP))D,#4'?-I\;\$NFW'4Z3O**UF_
M*AG-5-88<;41+0=H+)OLAM.73PVSA;S58L?YCC^B4;1&4DS19.PDPW^FL5<
MCRY:+:-MA37VV74#K7CE@OKTX1B( L8= C0;DXZ*KSH0 (E8YU!I9ZJ/-H

CZ5\B;[



:ZA

M#M&#G U

M+))%ML/[RD(B;B?E?JX$=S%5(%/OOPS?\+F-!'!7/UN.0_8'2,'&BT;;[KC
M344IMK4)(.4-/N%.#6LOBDM?5/TZ@US*I4_.M@




#B9KZ=ZLV?)\)O)S3H&PM8^$7_\NSA
9



@%7[Y5%$NO[Q

M@@@:=/LJY9HWIB)\EO?P68Z^WT2285(
$Z&LY'?ZKS#NC(JL C!]UQL(N3HW

?]K
MOR#37Y:0T-YB9'7@QT;
R4LP[XP.JY+^M1$B*'LB

:^

;)_46N*?'8N;19&:']3@_'DTS9=4P6L%O8

M/^Z9ZE21;VVAO
4KH*1V?.J)(A9^IOB11A068&K90T! :;6T:S738B
+7(;
M9J-N\ .\Z=?8M
HK-S2


MAU
WMOIT%ASEFK

M?G




M%%#:'V07/';6T+RN*U.H$94$ETE),JC;BW(K\R*K#H2W1/M=5.__R48+B8

EZFN461[V?&I




/1%/%


MF^:V9X#ZI/KGLR*C33 Q9C








MIM/26FU(W7%-LH6ABTNI
ZQ/N0!\2K4UHAFCO+V=2E=6JC#4C;MYYAKR?HW
MZHQ-F=EDDAHKP3.8

L^5Z56]JKU38S#NDFF



M+LWJPYS5G=4*Z2LMZE1^7$U4A$]?J*PT(W_V^G-?2!=FY;A^[C
7N@AMYV
M]G14HZTFW#31U5^
3^JFZ:W^8E12T^#GR+9WUQZ/2F)%5YSK8?=T)HA^98G?
M4F9T;7G@;7FE6HJ
K5/D#%*8!;*LT2JO8Z4VM:/9P(W^E7VJ#*NENI] ES:
M)+_@%_#%,TBKGD8ZBHW+WE81UO@7.MMD%QM=FV+PIQ99GW[S9CPE=\(U90&
MH

CUB*C3^WQXT&I*LOM Y/9
M:1 DBT3[?:5/BZBQ=5%JVZ)7F3='X.U?M.L*[BPB^N[MND-_X1_E_CR#R(SW

\5KT5&CT)

MWH

ORT*7LJ#:R#?*:_U_Q
M1'1IG5WZVVA?PP%CI\*C:AT

MI2C='L41.1L




YNFJKX5QS1U


CK5?HEVA$2GPF/PT]@
M(!+LG+.I4I#Z=)-I[E;8<C5ISVJC:C&-YZ' S^H9EPQK-FBI<B86@)G50WQ


#$U
3(S

X






RG#_F'[_[U7X[2CS^_1KC2X.53_OG)

'\=?TZPA_CD0OM]077%(@\$CZ

_,1JB*9H?1H^QYLU^OE=A%?K$+W+



\2$F\VM
8)*P%][3


 JBC%TBH)'H#D)
M;T$THLG\+(I0' V&V-CYV!AN^.Z]P$\A&A7-WC#Z<(&]&+/$CQ,& C&.$H

'9DH?3P[3R)

6;^Y ;
M9B3@QO2:S_-P927M^0#4CS

O#YT!P3'*/4W.9^[ PF1-_L








M(&4#'Q [_^

5(NW#?


M.'#/X+LMT-=D]032EC:*2H;18\3=E&WV+!A'..2.WY7'N
D;W2
FVNC+4S%$

%_'ZWC:\K@?V =

ME!+$

:.R%%Y3 EOV4
MI-+'%V$8TA=^\P
ZX)
!__P7\IAN%F@G3Q\?KSW



MB








XW@HE@1@2)#O4CZ7:$



=PQEZ


9]*#UVLVLD&=)#U<BL

FBL\



M#./4=+SH0GUAB7K\.:\8QYOR)9V4@ \[%!RK-)-JU7[[.Z%!=9E5'H7Y 
MQ _*@2(M^HIJ\I1-O[K$PO?S[WHZ3UEBP])=+SPO/4'+F ?4!A'^6^$R!U_



YW8MF'5?VN
ZBY[;4
#$_3?LVSO[V+V
MM#0RA&


MXI
JW(]E-T:,KT/^@6KX6[*\RZ@=<A3Z


M
R+R'
;*-R:HO*8
EA%)#0Q_
V


+V)Y%JPPP5'
Q 77[8.Q]5A:
\4%77R3+83.Q1J$YFH75B0IL?YV0NFM3YK]CG

M96#O897RDS6?\=M0ERC]5^9=NG9$'2;BF/;:W
(($EZ6
A0%*R2Y^8H/%J

M7T_1D-!?V6IOB
I%;WF^?Y_.[

7G/Q0?QZ'+%9?][(S6F


BK&[]G:6H&F[V-S8Q H
MTBK.JHCD'1BJH2\V$1[*N(FB!%8Y^
'MSZZUM[









MJ5-U+

<CC.YNJ-6TD#X5]
M9Y-BT1S)*V'?^:=8


M%^&R@=0I.%XL\7F &]:/M5-^ME@PM 6YH^FP,+E!FP K*0\L(J7W&\O/9\
MOD0W%VDK.TCG)RV1X*O%:^H^8?X2%. ]PSXZ\5U+1AS1D'G;HU?_@AE58;S
M8TGX4TD_PM^2%=!EX#)8?G1Z05=/F @,8%]1T'-_PE81@ 4!L]3H[^Q&LH(

K3K/
WMX9GW6OHC=U53Q ?@
M;2L)KO-X=W





TRP\D*I\8I7'JO=QY
+*80'2A'M=#%]S-Z\6AL1H[=&17.\@<PFQZ*U
MF658Y,Y%2R.C^ZL:H$HQFM;I=-+UT,H(Z3J6^..&!5=][Y[CR=4+
'P @JM



R0&E9
W; 9RI
TP
M&';_PG20EZ[6E* LOLLKN:95@;?5E4VEXN9OB_ Z_W55'O?(O(3_ $?=EUJ:





M_/B0Z4NN)A)^1QJ^FH+&F-'=1N:B[-H
/1.45^?B$@7I99[FF&Y3.XO0[&I1

M%QS.@_U-99A+;]A6YZP R?;YD=\



T\U20F[E$R
T4H_D]RME
M-)8_




!\CGIETD8




M_/;; 8+PR3IU)6+\;(N;5DA8]O8


M
Y+2BL8R^=EB 4TG% ;QD;T
WR'2
EZ6Z[.77D
5[B__&T-+?D_Q6=2N_XI@

2^
M]L!.#54TZ$XR:/<O'B916G1H%*[(AG)1_=\LWI [!FG%_[2K+BQV-4VFB6<
M$]52HNFV5







M@;VD&Y0!EMM89ELVBVFSDU-AA9
9_WKY455=3N8%Z65(TWXU
/?G3?!'S8YQ

SU$F

M

M

2)@1\@K
M)%2XM35DTA^Y/9DP?[E3*

M-.%W 

]H7JP)KW8BW2&3B]R.


\$

.G'(#C\(CVI

\H

MFQPRR@_$IG*4ON#3C]_Y)#_#*=CDD.5]$#;M'O-M.77:QP WG%Q]B1A^AF%X

6UH.6*CV$8XBZR()Q?1YZ0
M I:H)^SY9JXB%63DUX'+I
EO\+2W
W' 5=#RX(5H



M;[W$?KEF!Q=H?K


M-C



XK_#YZ#RY$^F#NG3!!=*(@WT
M/


MI/S+:6H]AMCYW 3MX!*V)HE5OWGK6VUQVSF0);B5:[SZ1N/_*LUL98^'^B

=\AX-
W)O
M'W
S = X%V5[K)


R7Z(C9+7I=[-&L!HGNB_R;VCK
MRAXK-U*%X.K51U$$LY4Y1F(BEAY#YYXHX;/BQH1@6%93@2S.?+ N18:#1&4-


MD8_P

!E;7IY&[-QG5


M@A4E0F/+8+6V
XVFI.6$8:UNGG7MQ332*5IG5#:F/S8V
8V!5]VX\^*$.RT\






':V%R-=F8(F@BWF<[E8GMT




M\](SWP#I%Q0L*J?+KLS



M=&AS+3(P
34Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6SLO7F3XT:2)_K_FNUWJ*=G]FR?V=-155+O
M=MOTKC&O4NYD)7

D5=.
M'&*_O'NPP_O__;M#Q^^??\_GM__[1\_?/S'A[_]GW;K9+--P^4J?_??_/\7
M-_[AIV]QCX_O'K][_*[%XO_S[BF),]QZO?'B[;M9%+U[)+VR=X\H0^DKKZK








Y=G)

():;0Q\]LN4S1$DOP


$5?JD
M1@9=+)!/OM$SPM\K]=+M58C_A



/IP)$_V2^A%X'I%'





VV_PE*7*97:A))^D]
MO58TS^ZDK6=H_*DZ@#SLP?7Q<.!1.;+7KE.TG48[P[8(UI._YX:2- GCW]'


M29


[7RZ

E3R?(])


HTVK3EG?$YC

EA5GECSE
-




E
MSP+!VD ?DC?7T+[$HX(MI.T8FU5^YH%%<%A[8SB6V3-!L3C0@A;--S[+9SQ
MHEU[I':AE6D'33V7'3AON.]^*CUFBVN@-:2'JH%%1XE.D\;#+27AA
 
#[08



M?
'/W1CE\CN!EEI
7NK+2JI%\]M+&GV7I

@K




MRL++7DI1%]FW2\_;$#_*3]^C*

M)W'(?KNIRB^Y:[T.R^92:1003O=57!^\






24QH#@LC3LZSM4I&[1VX)1K:(I

M_+!-


9



30A\\HC2N4![ZF%B(W*PH2KYBZM!-DEXEQ4N^***=5=-$2@09


M&42:^KJU$90KI:#!E1(UJSBG%#6_?7 Y0U2]7O$8D^P



M6'
-Q!GV8U( )V%

MT=R%;RH!W:.\V5 




G*P4+T0G2
O



=;\+J=_E?4:FNSX+?BTK?/D%$)TQF




X(6)
-@;N;[F<$5/PE%BCC$$!(]7]5O0:H^-B7K!<(+-$S_D
MA1XZ34#@+8L%/IWGB^LW?X5W+7K$1_@\IB\2%NI%90@'@\)B0AG!==+DY0+

E5
QC4J)XOL#Z#Y9]



MUUWU#&Z07*I*WIK7A^R@]LFAW_I0'=P@N5#
BM/7A^R@]LFAW_I0'7R*B2[Y


MF&SY34?'+N/8I1_\COA4YR]1N.2:\@H#0/


MCN

!4;08*/+W&*OC\




2^$8ZYFOTX


M5
O/C1.D5=@S&@3TT,K5.F]<@4Y4X
M<
IZS1W/5OQI












M3P1[U?+JO
IV=XXV57[0PBNBO
M0C_OP /0I/M)


M;(X1Z?G(-V3G(K*7@L.=U'[-XC/*5PGK15BU
0SC\F+[V?L]22\C+\LX+CZ5




K/9D

MW4:X81)F3TFQ*?$K3!D).@!5HVD=$G%0/\=!#*C=%R7__I[EUI?M;AAOM[%/


DP\.NJ8ZR



</BVK_SDE6UP+]M84MBK1R:7
MZAKPNW<-$?!0;0^GF[1B-BGOJA+7DEJ4C2[77G(0WK.J?E:0NDTQ7T7E!:Y
MAFR(RW

-9EB5^2*Y5\E%O/+_\

M)V;@9%H1-DX8Q(8@OU)PF.U;5PWWP\82_3^+


D9\LX_ O%-P&V()%Z'7
M5




ML@AU!#.J)@+.-4YDN[S*^'


@S!GN
M.8HT65/;+M

3F3O+T!HB-GDLJGPW-\)GE\0SB?




M*&707

9!A_+9V





1O#*\

0[O1).5WF=O\T_R]L [C4=C&.^GP(^0CPQ
MT+/\6PUL/9^PUE;T&J;

2N
M=6]1M



M'B=?_1[E\\4CRE#ZRGR&3Z8G*$=WMS?SFA(1^VFL#0+ZEE0&H+2RWYSL-,$
ME,9'[^MG?#BGH1=EVRIB^.IK7&I
8QVB0*E?7%/17
U;6;N-WNG'J*0*%Q/









R1M]2MBP55!GA!Y0'C9


)-


\W!\/L

XVNA]/+)
)N_;ZBD_Q^+7!(NAUH]!D




MU0[E^@(5)RR]H(47/9*RI7PME]4:A/(BRY


MQ?B!5F4#-%'+FI=R1#IT(GPP8'1THFU




M(ZE''MG)[6_7



Q;I%4-SNXD6^44HU
MSW)/NFZ9EH_O)-]8KY5&[#RH$Z-^HG#[
';$N:J6CA8$0CJM0E2XH9)U%WH

$V55NL+824

L[T_MJ



T9B_?41

U7U NF


MQT*_#RLUA
F;#Z=I0
MMWB40&\WV6TQJ$A$ZI;)WHEAUPK3

U.-HE$H:..VJ_
M#-Z;5V]-108G;9]&.^M%H)XL[\'TLJEXC8L
]7A!4V
+#TB?)+Z8126NVD7
M7VL67UUE-)CE7YYJY8XH

L#


$A*
M58)#\'LA@^$4]S:(


UKI(T_4PCY!A /=EB;'3X:5&/M^
3ET
JQ
Q-JFR3&4
M8673MBM
CIL



M8^=IY:7HPL.68+L!*6VBL).GLI0F3VB#*6O*-O5Q?B[+@^1G\YR0UOA&R^

MZ8#2Z:&KFNQ
U28IMA9FLA=5YT*A6JXFNTVU
5^[&\#=I&/P6KJT;$)^\S5R
E%0
1#KTH
KSDL@Q;














=U6@YZ]XL6UW_YM0A2?;2P-Q


PD#HL'8WE.


MDF:BUTQ^=!%U@(CZKCYP\-G+BPKE
E_

%



MH#JUF8O['.


M1[]CX/-HI)(Q!+8J[7T9CF 


M
@\:P6
!''9!PBU[2?1
K(!Z190_I^%RB=+].V$4'RVW.7RH%J_!
'O:I
@+

23$]3.#('3C <CX^('$B8LE.XY PE.08)'&I



 [\@;
MYQ
#\?3!L$P0O

RG0 '4S
BOVX#C9FY6P+ACBL
M R#6P5Z.6%@'HRN/.JR#*M;!X!*YIV(=Y Q#L[$.K?)7#O;@WN.RY3TNN]^*




M%K[9



MP\X7':]A'%QZFS#WHB?D$_=!B+)[Q

TC;-2LQ2NFM82M6H


+P=W=7!78T%E\H?'Q




G//(B)
Y'5URG$U


MNL :-!2GHA[O)@;'0KD0@B9O.ES( -CI;+;?K(;9WB$O0[

Y?HG!9

^4^N




+

M]53






W3H5Q#\FPY2;@Z!HMTV5B4$



M







MK?W6L*YWP=[=;$6O 36;@-)5;UA%1VVFA8:/B4+'4[O'J.3HWV2[-'JTZR

M^S0VEJVH=0HP&;V(&7CA

M0T.RN;/G]J77=A[I\NBN*#U&_X\RI5%B*8N%/Z^\N'(%9+]4'J(XV%5+KY@8

;Y5T;KPP+3
D9UE6









*Q%=^3\F5W
Q0(+]\OS :\)
3ZB


MC:#/Q3122;1MI'
N9M(XR1*-7

H(;45E\UYXH*MEJ7HVL+#Z]-
A*0WFQ1I3N(&-6(]D+
MZ2
\.(X'^J-@IBDA=\L@?RI

6OHME7KFY^$KIOCLRKIF

?$]JY9;A





M7*;81

MDUCB;985*+@JTGWR5@6U:@4:]QN3Z2U3'\B5WC
.WV5?Z3U7=\HTF3!V&'CA

!Q5R=





M%2
]KU6^4(EG]?3Z1L433F8U_I+@JS&
\!DT]GH\F-EZB3Z&V1\W6$_!Y@]*
M49:/)4_JO%9)\UQ]^;;XG9W



.

.%
UPX
MPX4S+/%MCAO.4#&0SCR:



H&NZS\+







MI

E
M7W]&P5+@;M
R-+!


MK.?W&=MGU5=+ZCCHE.[D3NA1A1FL[-L\OI$
Q)MXP-KB =0M)[:-O@YAEZ

S#

7 [!1 :IE'WE-A3Y#\F$=

Q/NS$5_2GNKFZR*:XQ!I?&!=X

@&%U[ U+W)!6*06CB!VH'
&$R0D2S4'
MHG?2D#;)@*N4GSBHDT
YZ&\?K)($UWMPXJ VR8$7A3QM3(=3MA/P\OZ]L8&+

%_=QD'X&@:%%Y74
MD\*0U8M9*'C .QVW\I:L


M50@B8[T?TGLX


&?Q$O^A?RY$^@?J.;(9EG+UVB?']#S*)R=D+P([DR/WMOX;I8

M4#L;P=?ALX B5O;M-3SA7$80NC-4!TTI

MD1O!*[ G[ ;R['CEWMJL=M;33U4,A#1H'CY;OO?P:CCYQVU6L ^\\UWG,H]
MY2TS!BP.J4?PI_,B&GN[@$,;Y.+00PG &P0
P=%*69$?Z)4:G]
.)NDMP@5






-1+7


M*$:7!P\HI7W$D9A7E),_B@M!Y4QS9#4118R&/3PPP.GHK47Q&DAS0'30\-

P<%IS(05<V

%&1!@E<)BTD5MF!0V+6$J.)3
M/0'^F?R


MT-


MHSNWM#E.6A







M-*]\?[\-0%]I5E4T8!N OM*




^$:LYN*M#!
K57KF@K9.=O=2
MD


[R$-*AQ+5;T1RUL=K'5BUX:'ZTX.+IV4?
M0KVX;8!HV*B?1CKF9CP

M(_;5%'YG1/)[01-V&M=:,=N+2/ 4UP*Z?%TQ4', (E-$^KK0)=RG)D$NNQ)
M_6\?' SQB 38(@.;F4@W



MG: RG?J#P



M?5PSI/$ERL
U)I-!O33WHG'


M:7#)VI0

W#OTJ==;YH

'





IQG =P$U^P)J



X@YO)Y8BZVPI!FR,%/L<)?;K G0LVN63Y:X8 ET

M5):2G8CR :526LYV0KZ'D0K'ZV0X4-N%MEQH2X5E%]HR82&[T)8+;6D(;2T6

Q0U
C!LXS[/S/(_J ]%\!]AI'0\J/O&Q#V]
&R*T






M4Q2P=/L^(QG(
5XE7KP


M*[CW7







8C:'T#L[
MLF]+LB+L8OO9^SU)+R

M!1J1C]A9N?O$A^H_R1

MY=F?N=T0QO)X&Y/RF&5AS%/X; ]C

P;R658
U
-L:QV1NOR8Z

=9/TV]J


MYE.LR?88R&Q^!=ILCX&


M.T0?V\U@IO/]A$@;37RW!C.=[^=5F.IBNQG+;*Y_#?-5&
]CI(7O[FB&0)HE
MXM0LBWGR@6HY8?4+

MPV.-.*:E?_:/E#82F982*AT5;P1@1WH.'S[H\G-
S
^Y0FGXBM?;*SZ-LCPM
^GV/JG.@]DZ*8[PLPH=@?A0(UX3Q3K6N]![
-6

MQM=O6+G$6AE7EG)][

LA


M %
()5FODT#D]!*U=J&24WG8GZCS1?/'LHBBD!=.5P-YVAV:VWY\-=U=6.A4



E1I;RZ\E]M%0
V7:D;!/F.2LC'UEY/60^/A+P[P6
M8JTS_S+)\OGBR8L$L;CC=B[T


]H.)C64


MK;PS!AX9-P#;E# J/&;IC'$EUZ:;O':V^7*MA!6-V'LQ7Y(A[N;RL0S$!-


M(1ALV50P0M=9'JZQ48.UX-WG5E4XE88 30EO0[@_I4FQP6KR7OG?VW:77FFV
]O_Z<XA2;/:NMG?H%46<\T&R
S!?GY%'-A%9

M=AMOBCPKM_1[/@:6T\



 2@2?G#RX&J0H//TZ7?UG0


17BX?+Y!A^Z9)-6U:)(^3K*
MYV2WM3D=G2J6&WS4S;YZVQM\:/^,N60N<49##21\0C$6=+3?0[N7:E$






#&GV2P(PHKZ5BL(X-#,]TNXYB/R4?A*]&QN3)'9
M_/1(;3EPNB6D?]S]!Z'Z8XOJ^L^_7<X.Z&O]  1C\A&I\%!BP\+LCPL4^ZLU
M5ME$<9^MPGQ E1W]9BL[9XP/D2.W\T07D@]$34V]CV


\!U+ZN;](CROAOUPEZ31#R5U:;XB#]VK]#?
A&7U+[E.)^

M0'


9HO2WN&W-..?VC*6P3X=M==P\?_J1=A6R9]P:Y3=QOXL#F:+11B%



P?;

M$QO_X)R/1EEESF]CNM]&M]5&-B=\68Y!35$@D\*9HH::HGQ]%-XOXTQ1EBF*




N!8^
M.)1-)Z?'WB7X_!-[!U[$.'3&36RQ_!.VU#U4II'JH/+ABJ7TARR7:W@M2T=
MO&!
FJ,T
MVCZBK(CR;+YH*KYU+B\]M(8?X[L 9_+*R]%LY<L3SV?Y99E-H?P5AX2<^%E





(^'&!CU.$V







EJ@_;CH7E,B]BS_.] ;PM#];*(
MR.#;W8ZD:8*BUH90SO4 L=M;33V0 ^L186I0@(_$?/N,[Z,,*T'X1KTJ$ FA
M/R?MWYDL*0P!6_6YTR7JW8A'@&$PU62YD1-$@-HJ4UAZM]*VG\\BV]T0!X]


MQXZTN2HX=I!6_EFY$**

MX4^1T@Y

M)/4T*9\'#OCK0NA/

M$[3\VZU)NV3-X]138!LFG;@W.=4(']4(M_);7';2PW/5DPX:J\CX$6=







MM&6M\VXCU;
BE?_*I8P\2__=M ZB$2P:\3)7F6:ZE7&XW#V[NJ0SZ'#?MGG$

?GO!@SBM1D7[)VC][+@QR

MHUMT^:Z=?



A
#?47F3;:-T6C)J3LH
B




1
Q(]%N05C-SVV^&(PB_00H]'4%0%TW7(9)A_=Z
M71925^K(ZAV'34U'RLEX#-Q
MYT%F])[]KQ=I;&?O'$(-@VBT]^W9-.(4(CP

M)=)3(CTETGL@;:)




MW++J^PI 4Z 4?/







CA4$?
OSAM!]G



GFK E[N\^
&X5'3.@?_3U%6<#!N'2I$-<!F7T(S&A)A,[C
M,[6FPD[.2A!VIWY ]<978
(@N#Q4YE@#E([*71LY4.XAW\.@&Z-*=G@A0]+


MT;*&
^FNS+
Y/^:/_



9A6'ZURHST6)9;&$
M;I^[%^ T/I?]L#)NI

MF;=7Y

\MSOK3W5^;R+68 (.^FX+K7_:8O,*HT3[NH'B
M35$WE? R
T5[!

Q*&(?X(-$\[M96O3
MB(MTZ]EB&YMLW;S(+0&Y(A.[THUX*I4HNV]052^XA^(ASCB&-5&W=JR$PX

9AO'3A!=%F$::8B-@)^O[(K\
M/E
PD$-A[5''HB]^P%&BMU,%,^A?&Z** 0?41@E3,(/-#A0
M#N@Q8)@@CVG?WL0*^*CVFXV2A_)<(N*]%FM[XINL]D?(KGG(K5/$\*<[*S
M:E7L9&H1@2


GI+5):Y/6GD)K




MO87 =EA@NQ^5@37B+I52+7-*/W)O6C+
&OZ0==P]0##%1XV\ 4=!N+;$:R

[#P(\WH9T3ZHO7XLVDR\3)(H%O1Y







MMXX(O.8+2N6C'\(K.X]2M#A!-8)K.G5@T2H.AX?@)6#
!2



BGWGN7\


MXFAN.!
-Z+GDDQZ

3 JQHX1CDR3\#M)N 1*Z#TF)C@HPVSY R?^&B@G7*/+
M T?^1NY(;]R18CLKMA+LV#41$@^C!B![UZ2V'WN'40C12Z_IK^3+( .1#
33


MIXB5QWMW:BCO?MV)+/5L$P_#-DME\O7%-Q(=;8WJ-BZX6#3()
YR'/Z4=M
MW9O!/-I%EFOW3IMW8J%COF]_.GO*LV7_Y8$.)_;A&L798E:P.PX0N-Y+ENRN


LB^]-:]PZ:U*E*


7]-&&O27;O#TP*-^@_TBY&MY
F




M[R6

M.FEUTNH3]8*V$K*DS


=QGXNH]'G)+L_JREM_K
M=9)5XFKTL;RR?@O!*X)7!*^B@5?.A1 ZXCH5:X9H
_))^0A']\?8;4V07TAS


!]6
MC&V^5&7SG!5+L&;N&TY*FI0T*6E2TJ=0TKVBC/2UC_KZH3V#]^RYK$1Z#EWH






M+^WZQ]C
10J=%#HI]&@4^D!0OK=1_U^4?*9WYP%;]#[H

M+^$**6Y2W*2XI^EZQ*II*B#5=1C[7 'ZKI3GRSN+*S82NR@*&86%]^K
QA








08/3IO@1]LW]&-\X2]





MM 5K1EOX'\G/+

M_


MD'\V.)YXJ=50#J/7?RQ%!:;,-AVC-94HZ'-W_2BNJ[P'-7+H9C^. %+8BM
M:@&-2VLRF1WB
@YV[0HOQ].-X].//Z($.

MI0_

/\DNX)W

MY'FQ)^

#]4ZP
M2T[8%9S@)$[ ;SOL1_@X3!P79MS#&CZCAK-INP'#H3:HK1D?@;UC*C%=NM'*


MJ6.7VB6B#@(
&Z&TFO9;H^5\.FD+92TK'L?V0;\)E4D#C\-5D(Z^&VAX\4C_

M#B4\MQDWY
XS8


MQROLOE*-0






MQ_V.?7#5'(OSU
_T$77;9!&+M_LM_OPF'P_B=&A'3E/=_[=W=5MK+JA&O
MBRMZZ SNV.:3V;2.1?*VSU#6.E_E*[1_AE(-SAC3Q'QXF:FAEDWJSI@9Y
KER?S(M=QZ.K''&X%Q&Q!M[I
M#2T!Y_3SM&:^N:6+


XU&/N$U&XWC\Y;OUC*
MI)B'_%2U%JMP(ZL#\
BZY&?'
MH^OB1[3T(7;6)NM4VKK9_SL^OZQS55%Z-T

RY=





ME?:H$1E$?

1 0T

+F1JQ OL7
MA;

Q,W%D\<&4)A
M1\6V@/6.]VFT$R75RE^Y'OZ*X\(J?D3K BYO[IKO/[\_EM$#VK=[NC=)83U


M\K




M3BM)%@32LZ6Y2







6A0I!1;AA\7G<^L%!T11E2YK,!
M?0RQRX;\ZH3/KM:*'_5!4X[T W,5[ %^QJ\X=)YQ],5_H4 *Q9N PD<'W@44
MZ0&-@!GY;[)9GXEF2P]VX!J;+*TV3=!U1CF%TT++=+USY@$VC2C4I\2K!


\1DZ@6:

5+[E*=POH/T.



R^X/@HQ



'
M^

HH[5&^XOC:7P5;?
[L 1]7R_!UBL%/^$S6LQA S B
M'_$&T ?:Q(_&\*4*%U06I7UBK



,@2QEVZT\H)H'V+H/D##RWI1
M6J-1BXJU=G7269

M

4/(OP)%*W,^8
MLL$O)TF8#3@_&FW*OLJID^<EYKD*C\X;?_HK^:C<X $7M;ZB5*HQ*06F6^+


#0*)9
MAQ

M@[GA6 P
^UBG3\&OY/D@?!\D_-.V3I92$P/@BW[CT7%7S*5_@KLV,F[0M*


MS$XK3;*U1V?Y&?-=4B8

M$[#PH ;LY*W#Q]J3@\M4J103:A)UM28Y



@/OU\X

M^2?.9*%4&/K&Q1UG %('*X5667JL$@)0H6D
DZD ':@$(88M=EH'2.E1*,;
M[$1I;8)?0O&5(,+'!QPUB72 3[2MD57!.*RLJ1


:G*+/T@
MZ6R8733

)S



5_6





0_&N7)M[DNL6^]MQC%KZP2 W-4G*9(7)X#D

MC?Z17NI%KR:L/F;J'K9:Q\WXD4ONC^R2LY7IF6']H-6.94 .U\XUM&O 6)YB
-1X+YF\<F
%6T )Q-5RFAQ&C

31WD73(:5!





T(



M*&N

Z& G@!S$=NKEA1+RFCDA
M=XZ6K8E
KZBJF&CA6_+&D!L08C5:U)[

M\#6(
;*6M3D:@VTL-(=B:2^AP3^&H2G?YFBX*[&=##
0=Z@8.$1'R_E!KU:#




M((


'8T7;:H'^R$*S=^%V:F-CT],##_QH5P$=]9I-)
M 4I,DNZL/J6FV6735HDH[8-U29!51^4B'VC#A_\0DRE ,S)*SPV-B6+CX)9

MU3@ ;^J!A$B=-KPZ.@3)&2*41#RDU1I.4HB'#'IVJ&CQNPBF)N]HZ8_:J]
M 4\4 5(D_I',_:8(M'Y/GX)0O=/O&[^V@=OZ,%:50UPLWLT;(.8UP@RB5J


<77_BK8XJ\XOMT\.F^2^!]
3!6!6K KX.:C
8Y-C-IB(M#
M'VZ*/KQC-W9%VP0D7R&SN,X=)_V,=UV1'% 5S')!]6'54NL ]=X#)QFFK^

==OTVJ#
MD^LWYJ;VUD:3$$DHC)1)A1]XV*U@4VEM78O:X?#'BQ(R[ #^
D
Q+UGJIV_
^M@*P)O05GUHJP]0.=IJO&0(VAY)
MF^V EKVA%V.I&NAU'BVG KA1:69AJQN%HI U6A1CQ50[ !2B6W&(&B.QS2




MV;&YI%&4M5J\'HON
_*&4=(RHDV;E1\PK-OL(=PV('LH@EZ%9%1\$B5GZZ6:


@?DQ_--



TZD!23RL_(+VOIO<@;'#
M(=L#(TC@OYZA5_(T72GGQ<,THP\0PA40-CE3249?N M)\:WFXV[PK5]C_BY
MP3/P:I2 AM5XMIB.T\RZ1 [B@H[;ZXBSY7I;8PUO34-F6V^3[+)) 1.D+_E
M@HX\J4QDM)Z^

Y&@JY?K
M;(1=-)RO/H^J;L)2VZCY]II9XC&6%-0%8
U[/6!'RY(ZV:J@^7#]1;#1.\
MZG.#X[/0.#Q?:6Q7



N

R7 ]@J[**VM@8(BIT1J^
M!KZ8+W-L1BAO'7TGS2/:/KVK)]4 Y2K0G\M*F+A/H




LW29)E\


MV*5 FM!_4/Q




MXK:N.:D,Y6VV@VVZ@4;*K+
&OVC4Z W6-VQV7E
KJ&C$W0NQK )E4(?AIG

MT^C[&F2W

MPXI8)SCYSM/#W)6 .T.\0AL7CP(?I0V@^\$SIHYK?HXWMV#^$S

M-2^JMPUK

M:^$Z=98QJ-&=-]=?A;Q8_H;?





M*

FS 8

5'E%M8V#U/K5J;

$RLKW:7IZX()W$E7 !Q)G]B2I=U=-


+'M?% K@-\[6(FS'CTC17
M2U=C7EW?3!/#VX.PTZ
FHI#]&/F'J_QEBUSM4T1K7]3&Y)JU8$G5DX7]:/1
M

M^Z(!2
RU@0^8[(5HG;0(1[9H(-]_8VN[_-:&:T;B8=AP%BQ6'FX;#%F%+P


^K8Q
MX
Q4@D^N%NE5(Y .A


MX5+QVR8 M:P2?!MB


D=VM%;'^(@]-;XTV#TWF[NTOHGO*(&?1)O\;I?&(G%FH=W



D'8+7J_L.-7Z[]M?OJ


M8E SPO

1<&&S=&T8L3TI\(^N/0?=H;4%)!+63+S*3PPRDY:L[U


*F%
MBUI@








/LFD]+S@.UW USNC[&YKS322=7,.$V<KNIK@X_!SXP
M!2? R6'M*YIQTW;.,IK.)M7I714_IDS=^MM97E_*46/$-$T6@4WP,6:B553J
M*[%]3WZ47+DN?4DSE')-X(.<B=T$IOK.B/PM:\T<D'7U0+ME7)TX.PS1)J15
M?&($UF[CE\8=Q\K#.K'%-(OG8]&U:
Q14PQ889 IH-A#I&[1!HQ114DCD


MHCOR&__E+B!C5!R[(3NSDOZ]$@I';DS3T2_UED Q
)O
%\FIL:2:R1
FP8&1
MX[&OGUP:_9H-29UT2!K1WP]7&) 3\S.0]
0^B@/RR'J_BEWV__!V%X1.^([6

VV6'OGE
M/B::H;)JV4/Z#LSI]G-R

M?W[S0\R/[5ZP%?#5.UU6@1.
\'V=#)2KXI/UY44WR*%)'+1VD#B+=@/C5
M.(ANV#K)CELA]]6+[1

/ 46&Y^;)PW
9JB9


HX/HY-?;)\]]KDL'ZRAD6#9MH1E\
M(6M6.*!'&TCW[Q%M@FV+I8UD?\F;T49<1W-%N@^6&9UD'J% :O2 O-(ARN4
Z\?+C69K62G33=K!W





!!AH!O&X2Q^R?;
MMKO=%&8Z\



,N0.&
ERS

;B*GVZ.F.QN#0ZTI60%^?)D?1TE@KFJ\0
M^
^/.-RF:6AM
S+5-GM2/:W!7Y3JF7)LS\[,ENJ'J+Z?20LMUDD!J6/*K1
M\XP!

MVLTRBE

M3PA7.775.\PH!HKN''?=-@+X2R;P#M
$?G.3/1\#*=5*HYQQAZV%KDF0CM

M']




0Q@B\'EY?[HN^?G]RW;G



M82Q'J


:[8:=&B:C<S,GPHE)Q.V\?T5NG
MN;/83YL@9!.QTV1&


M

M!\250$P+E*MA#(





F-?4V





MTKE8^7[L7QS7OPFB%L
DF1#-N!1K!E^-G\H3/9
UB^I=Z[0=](&V9

;B:NW5=SF&&^<(/?S 5S_67WO2)&(-(XH-?K
M1\J+D9=8
]:S3*Z61+W!]ZRT32@PEF
%+C]42%=VWPVD(.D/3=(G&D&4P@N
MMDVNO;T*0IISE2=K@B.KK5RMG-%267@AD^54NC0JN5TZNX&:'F=@.8^%7&I3





AF7YT]1'#JKOOC
Q!B(

T*8**_B8A9!MN,,.5&V
M<+(9A!GEQ6RCFK^VNEP*(DLK50(4!,?_9#J25*
6'F8V_@%AZ+:6?PQLZZA


M/K*+RO#*^F/I2/D


MHW5JLI+&#&.+]A: A\GV;JEE%09E&B#NH@J@_=DBAH5+/X:&!]/ N9D25
M.=-)G.D4G+FGSHP#M9SE9#

*^E!-(0ODDX6TM(/K(IU3%KCU1Z2]O+%



M)D/WE:CPBEGF&1DE/)(F&PY
3P]ZP50H+Y[_R'9-&K^S


MC).)J6.=[(]&

MR*CL)[V$


M)R.T!%
38;3Q_8GPR2-^BS\3E?Y0%X*Y2+
9)=
3GA6Q.%R?;XL5VBIBS9X.
MJ73TE(153HPH#E#2DRG*#C6&*M)YQN?W1/=[[/&
ZQ=W]_G]VE\%6TSO1V3E


M%DRDG([FP^FBP7PC..
@I
%X+[M/+U;AP-2
PM8Q-YK
[


M:8$4A?!0


MVCE=N;[CK^@U;


M




M2T5

W%%2 1LATN9C
RV00)==AZX1\9TNLH2T!(;FS.67HWNZ$ET

MB=4:/%3!6358RUIX=G;A=G

E7AA2UGMJ6&</3OJP_I
M
GX)


!+J=(?OYR,9A4XE,89-[H.)ZBUT.YLX9 (D05?%29GVC!2EW:

M?!?VYX&CF[8)'Q-8B^JHA[ZO+Y+;:V^#M!\R:HM!40W6S#X5R\/A^Z7K^\2M

MK8*HS]96ZZS4L:/[Q0E]UW^.2/_$]HH:
D.$CP^X!RO2 3Z8MA8C'O*I*#JD
MX/NGVC


 \]F)W!7P


M(1[/C Y@[_:-ZN&^YK+
 WP%.3+(%_UA NB;4A;%SVL$?OOK $9VNEQ8-Q+6

M

M_Q73
@;O-R[1;





R(D_/^K
S



MJEF3

M/O[7.99YP.&KN\)Y5:%BW:&O ;O8#J_/OSOA.GH



M^8D^9PT=Z_5*_!6(LM8R\

M%XF^LSM R#=P7G'HT



MCR8J&







+6Y.+@1)!R7$K(FKX


MQ[L@C$GC#[$3UUZ



GX-0/#

M;F7
QP_J8)8U+L4U%X*8

_*&0


MQS^H1)2*1%RF+CPH


(0U2:OC&= K

8/I808_SW81QA=

[*;2*@SNQ;_1U?@]XM0]9'5!Y6GO]PX-W?U4-
MX*O#]J(\Y
LEZ4YF5V!8H0?4W]V)0NJPOZLU6@L6HMC=TGO

21N6N@%3^F;SM)5Q$0\K8! Y2(F&/V*'2J6+3=HAM?1


M:+O$?


[LQPA!O390QKGE\(@%2-SX1N5O%HN+;

&+(IXV?'HZ4['EXPCG\)
M@_V.




M5E;Q!;=2(\(.@K$!69'V@X1U2H&7-&O?T8RI]FMVB^FH 53FK%/V-]2@W&]0









1K$71S!


ME^D7^$=6R# GB$FUSB$=K6P9*]A[*ZA[QBA*&X*P4E$&RY7PQ#V$U3&7+(

M+:68@=4ZU5HD



]WU#P_**74:

;]B.1.#F!P]



MH


G1:LDR\\2=\9'OOUBL +MB['%7RG O.:AYJ7G]3960_.
M5*(!0)1'8@W8)%[1B^.$9& \G!M\_8QQLWIDJZ_M[UGV]W..14(/_H;00-


?.L_
M.!Z^W12N(Q#,2F1O##AEE*@!KYF]&=SP\+6MUSH)IMU(0JF<*J
Q*QA#W






.FC Z\0BO0 YUK.QO
9

6)T8M#P.
'




MMJ.9DCI98#?%T& D4T%EB4N*INFDC/

M
ZC;998^)F=;C)T=


(:=






M#I*]
Y0D*SZ]R^
MP&3VYXFO##IX9. TU&K[T,)1\RF=1+<4R()3+TE''L9X,UJ W2M-%^AC!8
M)N_KR@ 517R:[EEKH8Z.BM=QI5MJ],:3NO*M_ J%K-XKCB[)/Z+870GHM8_$
M 3NZ'FK=VH7HV0W+2F6G%3NH7%27R$YO8\D+ZY


T
MUZK-QUX'A6?VG<R3#?
A[$+'R9QN\O_7TR5T+/.:*RW9AJ\]8K#I^!$H\OB

MRU)B.6.#Q$S71SZ.4_I
.

M]*.)*P(_X#Y;6(UXXC+-0E07.YLP);%3

LR)O

&%'3#3'$3XV<#)XG0[0:%A8



D^ 8?

5GY;^+@.
M


T<_QUM7-\AFOC/*(I# J-]:,AX<Y  K %R-D&


M^&)NMQVS)/=&Y:T9R0W]7



MPL9%NP 02M$/5Y%J+6+4GK:%+6N4W5G FJT4ZC 0P6J\Q)#


M





M'9!=2. #N\V



(ABW*X8^G4NPGK64)PA0


M.+T=




J)X=/8='H0@T]C;KZ6R25;+*9(D-GD3:
ML%?3JQ-QC)@U13*K)=O&B&V.TC:\-)H6 !6)




'9XW H34+3') +0O-)^4
Z

M0*._D
M#%/S8ZPYOEGX\!*??A39=N:9W]*LEC\(A$WS7+S@YA$]-GEI\H/



MD+A'W?YGRJOWSEJ7$9I=PT/+Y6LZ(O%Q*RS&8TANANAU.Q8YBP#J9GGV^
MR!QJRHBPEB'@!,$UBRT JW39MOE9/.#JK?U-%IOI1@Y?I5-@V:!T8P$@?IJ
M9KOQF'!(RHV T%!Y% $
Y?8U+@-;3TZPD);0L0
*W8VJ(B&IDF

MS7)

M8C%7TK7JEH=1HKNL ?RLTV9S.L2YS:H&I;*P8[Z[797HMR/P93$EAT#-;#
[
M

M#V_9[Y_(CM['Q TIWV2XX-L/5U=___O;SY_?OG_/-VV?W(%6V1LV%WH[H 9N
M+NF,%GDO:*,[^[!KV-.NW7DB-I.Z2RQ.W0*FT#J&PW!6]?H
D]7!X.5WQC


\@N=E_
MI1$-7QI*8+6_B8$DM3KPVQ4FQ4VP^7@GDRLRP=+\L&!/
N'(R#)EM0!8;BK/

M52+'2-@2JFT9'2.2@)*XM1N7!2TEF^I/8B .UR(XO-^G0QP(H**_T

M&A\#S450I


MCWE2^C!&+


;0H8)J+25/<+TI1,.-:ZA 'KYM:EO#?'V2ER
ME[H#I*(;O_R$+S\+T^(YQ9I3]S<,Q*X$A^6])#M3S1\. (@%W#@Z6R7)9

7&52N%25]Z2IDFL#W
M1.;SQ2E*V.B,BR19FFC%6^




PYJ2]1



DK[#0I/%:W4_[D



L+BCQ'XB0&%T0


H3L.QH^20:'Q=]&GD;D


U+O0C[%6OO@75C?NS%KY)57MD3
M(_09DF8U3F
M9UET



MWG




MLAW&XF0


I(\B 
XW9M^5HZD:T.^O*BO.:4;B=-[P=O&?:-VUIUL

O$

8W4!78U)
M




MQ
#AQQ7WNBFV#*S!W1;S;<!N=*@M
M#M9-=MM#O0W1
M+1[$PG14Z DMCM[ZVLBX;=(%')V;27YX@8LLH#I*D73XY1J&#9Y7\7C3M@H




CF

6D6OQD&M


!4
MVV

$&W[.
2T3MPX1+\I.D&*7?#=DU



M
YDP+;W[)


M^C.^^T$/+_1SX+-10/\(DLBTDP[JBL)S


MKNKW

MJ6%X^
R7DVR


MQ

=
H&
\#7LU=Y[.F;VC
M)U$#?M/W;+UNP4\BT28$=;&Q&4


M7B3Z@%-BG-ERJ0+/17J;':F(M@1+O8V6]$7/!UZE?5N2B75;P0#?.D9$5+Z
M7\$QHN1C$.RB]B^+1BT-^&SD&96CK"=Z(J&L;?WZ.[_WSZ+7;C(YAUI.]B
MTHY


=V*DHV7V[AL
MKW&5:!LBM]&5I]9@DL@\.!?X
=[HVZ)54FK6D@OI1W67X(83L\G-ON0L4G;6 ^O0T7-F
MS.IA4T77X6U,*&*UN^[_C KS+L,AGIWH#-A*/4&KYFR_ZO'_<4.HA[BV<

M/KKW_&)*P:;\E^!PU)&)RCX:BL+W2S?+IL%.VB0IM9FL4/(\@FJSRG$_!L4


S



YTT


F35%

M/1V-K]SH\38
7CPVFGWW^CVBNVLVFO5=?\L3.GFI[BQA&OL^4?VNYMGFF29
MJP:2/86.V6?VTA1\^'#JY)D



.4%/XE5_YMD@+V^0-8PUO.E+
( YS
M 


M=\&W.-C^XYW+/'RAQONBJ4)7)TDC-V@E 7):%)U1N'9V&*Y*&[1TK\;#3O

88)&#E.]_)3LN'
MG\_4CU0U-=7/CPLGN1+P#3%G771&Q=9_MO.:BI/NC8V(1/F?C<B/$?3=X?
M<A'^KG7OU=!'VXC=)E&.)V@S;D0Z:$;11
T.
(J$FA+V6I]SP92T#[RMMBL
M%P!RP
^=

HI
MLI7-)7*

MU=ZTW0T8:+K9[S^[X3]H_(FZ$?WN[]V7(.1**CZG^OD1$:14 KY[M9BF_1*3
DTG%#^D4

MD$O:P8-VLG8TP7S!T

P .Y-C



M?Y9LV^P;'VJJV)-C2NH3$ZFZRA8^_'SV0F7J*^2UL=-Q 3I!:^#.)\OE)DW





M:4Q6:=1$8\][GDTR1+&WK%1X220+_T0H$@


M

+D?3.[JL*
MGDW\&J5^W3*9^$

=@0DKU(9EI*216)DKZ51:Q[-[:#B6DP6191[<9AZ
2QXKF
S:B6A_ $/Y



!_&_SPV7.)1Z._D&M^
M=FA[..[8








DY-Z8WSE#UW9!LT


WC=#IOS<Z$@I-:YQ*?Q\6@%('D!<#8N.EN37 3D_N0)1^F4?9^4

M



DO4-(!BN(E!+3(-=$H?#@[A4QQHY1MN#%B


:M30I!E\PVD_5R41P(





E*GB



MKXT(D3TY(C@DS8-#9[Y9IG4$BDD%8,,B=XF.763,('0$$ME#*C,Q@G_5[Y4
M$EWZN\OM-CRZA[9SY4UOC H'I1K@R?5\,W$R6321#9$)@_]-+DQ&YVN-HZ'



7



1.MA[5I#\M1^S[^?='^@ET[1UG*1^#Y/.3Y71N+AR





M4(K.78AF9%M
+/UN(%S/YTX_;AGE3L;A^
6$^P3%L+??;L^99L#7/)IS
2+9
7GJOM))9K_YQ<X
37?N1'=\0(OC'8$^HJ&Y9\.\N+X[ #0

5/3WJZ


W_3

^N@_'4]_ +8Z
M&I'DC;ALQLTF4:)2$XM'6IE.)96B
*=2

MK2:K905Z#B;T.NH_'4]_ /0Z&N$D.15/8A7C188Y7

MV'P=1#$5)V7*IT/:;KQI?FG
^&_4!!Q&D_5BDN*A(I#DIZC0;[XQ:*C3W=#1
M\ 



M9LY
A24A\X*4I-H J'Z6M@P$R;_]93+E.Z$)SB[(='(QF4SJ/=@%\?F]4;;!
M4!7%:BA*W8D$QV?7VWWXR=//:79&-2DU=]5\4ASPYKC ;%
''+.SU6:6HY-+

M?+'T#H@$^7M(4)0J ]]^6:^E2+PN16

M!$:#&:O%.08L55#..

M

%I+QCTVDT]WD%GKE

M9Q5N%4K8WNS6.O!641WVB8I&A6S'%NA;L1+@'''3D%W]J^!21Z9-#D5GLX

+?UD*-%Y5*%2[QM^8DGVUGUU
M[P_JHXN*QY' 5M8!/HB;;*0]GQ!&4FGXN.IN6\L4U9DXCEWK[[+(4^&GYA9L
MV&27MGX



/
M]+
;\X785[XT&QP.=
M3
IFRU_X+C6*A.2 .H)*0X E43V-Y?R)%*V_G@F0M







M2H#KWLQGRVGC






M9KQ%*P%6B3T0I H?6 6B3YY/KV/ZI VDXD4;P)1K R\PO%XN0=-+IH(V;9U
M;QV-ALP,6XQ&QU\M;$$8K#K,*APV%B]0OV(#]G0.UT^=.6PBB%E@P)9)SA[

M%;0W6$Z6JTW2

1R
M)ZD

:&AW^NA@+8PZU-:BL\;=

MW5+OA8_*^#5

M;XNU(W:$_VUZ





%
M5$U


M7$
S
L^ 7G12V::3S6R^







G
EY8%T2[MV ?NHPZU'.


N_
M%L7CPKP*&WGS[+[R'WY#OY*Y2[Q7$:SI21Q09VDS-_OW])[?#W;E/GL\I8=6


G
MKBH@0BJ/(T&UK -\'W%3U&DL Y

.\&N2X'&8BZU;(I4#8
MY=NI+=219X*2#6?V *;3YY/V3^O0KKS=/!3?0\92!5EXR_F#O-B!)R^:\2
MR3:!JX_)590=_1WKL[[2E^#PXOD/J:WDH[L5TS';T8-V#;8U;V%C3]QRE.S
M[ZJ_@X2[FB(:&V?+B0QSR2%@^_JROI;6.K1DA'C(#;5IK*B,216\Y-[!@59$
MF=6/;+#ZGK[00RN?O[P\YGZD;KB2M
[HT*K01'PZL-\61QQ2^2) 5-)(DE%
M8BVY&+/2J5FY*UFY?73#!XI\0 80CE54M3G'.E3=!@=OJUX;7_3%H0EZLO

J3XKX0
MK5?M0-<GW6L@V$QDO9;V1GQI*!GT<F(MV 


M^-*HZ&C2!
R]\_4LSS85 DE)X@41


M6KQBXI)



AU.MCD2[
MT=



AY
MI+OC@=[L+]

L%W9-R?C&TX%Y!]
M$)*/04B]!Y]<\6._C:]
.F07*QI1[D_0Y!44E/'#X;
3@?1#/M*-WN^/G49




MQX^'X

G=L+4


M



2KU(*?6M]L-J=0SX46X1S9DI]K




N9A
YNM^?(B:03&41WK1('ZF



M$\4.L%+-(74_A^DA%+_!

.LSEJ#

M-/J(K#?_2
=H_9R






D+^]NB&])T;

C?+VB*L


M$;DYQE'
G


I4-MO*1!-/G;:'06Z$1253BXX%4*9)H1;A:



V1O#U^)TO6HIBR
M9FW:2(^8SA3TR&^B3*Z(9V[[[/Y/$.;.LX3CA@&I@N
&^![('


01(6[&14LS[(QE'1;'W)-;./Q[C
M8TCS*RHYQ:I&2FGCEC)#A04_ !V+B;J [Z,[\7T$YO/[J[9.,U_\)B2?)J



@BOBR;?C*]\A9QW;TTP6?\HF*R@!!;(G5!EP_O/@Q
M]2WANEHQ5N@ GVY$

M.
&&[G+WX

8ZE\WU/(Z$CTT








MI*_-VTM&

ML\9H!2+%/EQKKZ]MUG
GNRL%$LAVC2&



[FAP[G8B62]4Q<&-HT8!O23H OYK#H.KFC
MXB#UFO!+VIXEBY^=
-.#*FP:0J37A_/137$O^V48\G*1XA




MLERO-BI V;4+;=KHM#X9*B@]NIU2#Z_]O=_V 3JZAC%P1/%F2QUB.(F-)K9
M4AX&F7OJW:9M5Y%A*9
'WA2Q&*Q5&&S4@@8;5=S.+


'R57(.(



_/.8

M?3\@=/$0EY#36(AZHR_$425R;_:#_:@OU2D7%6C7/S/7VDDBC?1T MV4ZTO
MW[$)=*;IIC?\VK#59M7,3^5:^XVE]B_22M^I)B11Q29Z&\.7!2D22FZA087




MTMF8O
SK$





[&ATT.(=-+WVSP/LXJ^EB8VQ%14*Q





TST-0\7<


8










M?;OG'O
RCX4*CYTEES8!?S F57ZLL^+13YY/KV/Z%)F.[T+P.3!AKBV\9._:
MV

XZ]FL!C\C=%7]*&?%1UEA_
O=SN.ON ?Q
M7'1YC!^#T/M7[1Z5
5H\!P9K-P..T-G$W*7)Q6FP0K/D^8@4NIT9ZYEVMJ##

/N283LPE!-X4.[JY/H-6

MAM[6^

M[7/

M%\QQYJO98(Q

B]-VSW/K:$.)##
MV+C]HYTCLY8N]!VJ+&Q#2V?$FQ+UX?/7Q70 FBQI-%1-UQ'JE1IS[_S\+P9O


M3AW^FNQ?Y#)L.ZZ\_H4OMA[XJF-GO3%W=N_/=D'U&-]&?K;O07AOQ[VW9W)_
M'8X=M_;BG^6NZ=3.FV
6]!IG




E[LH_P9DS/4+B+K3U




_Y
MLWV[D7#RF





3:]H&Q_QTH7'B


UK1FS5

M!3!8S#PQIA 70ER09RZ%/-
PN4-\$'M8AW0?#&/1M'P?L!=%Q^1L%AN:A?20
MC/#B@



MD0!/Z2$R?HP$S*9.C+V]8:$\L3!*]]GM_)%]
^'OW=9RHY7=G^O&$H[8+M


MV$BGV4@
/@!CC%


]/CT




?S\3
MRQ&^N_U'I%Y]*/]Y[

M-ON7A'0^V3\US 2$@N.SR'?9
XQ_I)3OK:D!I7YX;'@I-8&O :V6\Q1L3%B:

639%LZP9G(;

'AK6DQL Q


M#6$AP589B+;Z A4SR8E_GDD:^%#
2-_!P(Q

3$CW@
M*:73/-
@#Z9@3[A (B0RBDUE8B.EMYE.=S-'QT]#.$J1I'(.



M +XN
9UENUSIZW:L.78WQ@$:
SI&9
$DQ43-=E0

;_M.[::3



M5:DO%/EDQ3*XEXO\G





M;

)?+L04P7^YHP


M[^ EV9/


M%7-



N;RX9FX^##BNYAE8QWA=C&RAN90;$RFL]FD$RN'!7B2XYOG



L4*!)3
W


G
MX2SS%EL1?ZGLJ]YOS;1;\X_M.;=/'@(F6[/E6;9XD
=L'&#]/59D-'?NCV
MCF@?T &1+[*#UGI*


MPWM6CI/GX5IW4?6U5I[)T%HC2@Y@N/OSIQ::@F[KP[R\2%7Q$RQQ2RCF*N


]-75 ;-





;'+S2-VTV92JZ
M%AOVK

PN6P[$I/
9\\35


M:@%O=/BH3P#7!I3 _C'&RX
?_]T^9RELIIMM%=WPW7\SOC&_%&'XK
MQ6-PZ


#1H#+=#-%0=PF1'

$EC-FB;T/[DO:/I=.*E6AM^8HLQM^EK#K


MBND+G&#WI;B=YF4*K4: =T;
G/DR6ZQ0DW/NW92B!0L*P#C:P4B7+BA Y/9%
MI&
U@Y0C?$V#&+R)^O8]W ;TH*#'8XJW-WY
CQ2E?=
HQL%36)R:&PCW?_40

M&&H9-!:GSFR2'Q#[_1YE

U
MOR]GRXY +V^9Z1W$)U

MGWBN=P; [K.%J)]P'+R2FOPJZ;O+GS)


7N0
ME^TU.'N!769.?$3Z:AM1]!:A6\\3O;+-+K,R?Z!4OPW1E.';0M-)*:*_&(
M)3R7DJ

S4X\%@63W^


M8#&AR U %0M


IC'KV'=;#*):T6Y6G/#T5K\Y$J'8Z0GPE%+UER











9SA13_QF(5=EIYN#'K6'H[W.
M!)_


?L__7NXS$)0DR/\F%K


M-I\&


M!SH;
#*6
AD6\IX9UF
Q'C\UIU^ 





M[I&'AW*U? 



+SG$')C:FQ*K6I

SG) =E
XCP5(Y(X(7$=7D?A#M
+


M(_WJP'\


X[2YQ$18(:7

M


\JLEVJL

650[_4Q=SS

#$U
3(S
M
[P-8EG=4S4XWI781O5<8X'1[;

M?G@#21K$T=^^^?C=#]]\ )$?KX)H\[=OOCQ_NWB^NKO[YO_\[__^W_[]__GV

MN/CVX[^]?/R7O_[PZ:\7?_F_[=;Q_I $FVWVX7_X_Q



M;9RG8!W'J[180UFU(K]'[;^G#OE]3WJ?8
??GN&:!^@3R_5M$


/ #DY6J^*L\4(%%XN2;ZM#X;- C@H

_7F4?*SOGVX3E<BBL#G27L+ZCCYC%/_T4XA^3P =0NZFT@Y?X 60O
M]5:(5J?[HB 1@1ZM[@/O%4&-CK<TA7*VK)@[,%'J,+O,TR :=J:I\<DOD6S



C22.A#.I\

-_E(9)5X1^3+/BSF X\







?[V-OA!D]?FE$[EH6


M+[P'7@KJ6(;E:QALBE]'F&T6 2-B
= M+/M=A;)(%ON_=\-6AHFZX/S. #$F









TZN\C2+
M=R 9JH*0$BK41B^B+






!)46$



M!HD2!@8

MR!J4CVED=#!9@_G)@9EN%S89;EKQ7]'!VD 32?O6T+;$LX(MJ.T8FY7_RP-#

URW) P83[
MPX8 



GS51-8


M!R_8&


)#

73LKB]36T^


MI6D.$B*=I/;#TWL/-EY8$K%X#W!(GK88GJ:7Q$-GZ_-A]QJ'&(JZOQ_I::M

M9H@S'^)D!9*_??/QNQ_@__OF ^2E?/;OOF2;2&M!: ;7-BA:HIY!G$!J_O;-

KMUM5'M0QELL__[]





&A<ML96O0OC!:1%QD[G5S



R=18

)X34UHJ+DFM





X*H
MELA-?=7:



M+70)=QAY)9-::ZKI72P





)



Z_]



PQ#\QY.YRW0[&W0]'#/L[F;Z U?0!#NHEV
M4VZU;6##H+


9:



-TMR8\
P#O4J



MAB=!2XKW77BD!?SIP

MK^D=/'

)X3PW-





M!<M''8_O=P<+W@^)DZ:ZZ3])5[X?^1! B[S-(@ 4M*+V




MXE'G75S-*#*=+VTE]VZW]X*D




M+8XMWW;2DAIXG6[&!VZ/_.





BJ8#Y&XH0;E63D(U1P?


86MZ=$< 2M6?;



;

MF?'TX'4FA'9




MBGMSIS

M ^C@[R7Q5F#G);_35_59
VVT/J
J%HP]B&FHTPH@(7UVWN



4D*FM1F%&RG&\GZF(4=/


.Q\%7+'C? S\#J^H1JKNBBCFY8@&E]?1]VUB /L.M


Z*VNH1R5HE)2Z 1]!AX4(S+R]<3LHC<^@[(=.0
T


&FXW D;^H9

M^)@7\8R\+:H!U.1NT00C3K^M ^Y8]F';XQ6IX+!M.+;'U5'A8?G5; ^5XS+)
M=&[$+IJV*T=
8T_G46*2@]/V@'
NE!CF*MNCHKDQHOJ#Q\LWTAY7L=AL$JBN
M9*!ZB2*MM;Q%FL9^@(0GM)QN/;]81U=E+P6Q%D4X2UL\(UI422T5&';U!GS@


MMMGN);Z&?Y:(#L$-8AB?=L6_7&V]9 /X8BFJIOII=I$M9D6VN' 
%XYA=#B&


MR4.L]ALZ4;J*=Z]!Y!UW3LE
^RIA0

'XW

X5
M-_?BF6DOGF$/GMO0V\#M&(%;I,T2SQQL,YT/KA%@TWJOU!]_!$D0PVGS$P5
ME&M0_B^#8D*GZ4=W8Y?= TK@6\!+(/ ]*%YD7A#^G
0^2


R:F=HG3!



N\;,+@
M7.&'IHY7$=T5K6Y@DS<O1&?V-AA/CIY'%$APR@K6\)1 .0
]AP%3=*GIX[I



OQO/5)Z.$Q9D7.HSEHT'DR@3\5*(?@0VJ..#PY_+&
#P5ER&PTV(P<!D._7]4;+
M+4W2&J$6@2M^(5?\PBZ%W)4A&*D,P2<'FM#
 QZK@R!O2GTVG.@





/Y:4FME





R^?SMY
-B5TLL&9O1KS/RW/D*)=-?:JE#198O9





M.^*9SM)
K14=F:C0#@5[50R!*Q4+4A?-V2PBJM%0\ BTU2 M1I-(K+5*T)
M54?4DK-#3^F5+D%TN@]K21D S'U8RV#3D$D:ON)XUAXE+M9KX
.S#&W9UCK^
M(P]6!4W(^X9
OP2)F+N[BR5U)@W-BM^HRK1=$7B=[;W8(4


EG;[






M]=EZ'66 $EF88SHFS35Z&Q
JU3YL9IJIXDMEE[K(XSL=I-U-KE+$7.4N0L



M%BLKL\S9%S/&A5

A\9XFM



M!E%=%[G@71RI
%S2E\R





:YR257AL6I^!G[!$+TQ#0T-&

8 

J<
MAG8[#;_ .R@/[X
UR=G#U=72





M(;G/&78_YP*!5RV UUG&M2




C9ML9*#PPK!YYV14Q+A#F<*S$V.WYH&B/_W4Q?CT?\
M/LX7OUX;N@'PXVP!9!]='V7T0'./+II!998^:AH8Y)7D,C0TQ)UI=Z@_ 3^.
M_ 




M
Z]=]9!'U*[DHR

M/L*_E7]YC.$*.3Z#5_^.


9;+T:^M;(2H7*-;:

X=QS9^(LIJ]V9X
M


(Y\ZJ/*

L^NVT4)E$+&I[+31065U=D4;Y+;@


K22*KSCI6PI
7;0!FUY__KHTZ
MZEYJM]!!X3
4%:#0['M1=K5%M-Q%;;$.7C:UP_4N?8+'/-1!7L/#(UP+ 9*S
M.Y(@5

^_.$GIA9'@%41PN%KTZ53U 588\$!F6
M'U'!
2CS^?)'? 2?FC$-FMJ7K9?]&N?AZFZWAT)UF1X3O#&*C$@.-A&'T'P*
M#_!4X1/2&&R-(A
I5SC8]6IK()D(N++'F*WA82+8C6;(M36@3 1LFKIJ:]P8



0[^



Z*GD$H^P*5Y\Q+
K/U
M2U5X6]*6\-0Q@&6N*MMC5 9!];.!6IK_(EJ* 6E6+FPE4E6#1D$6+8H+!?L
MXA#F44WE0F3FB.UO%SVC84H9ZB::(%[SKO8@A SGLK/7%2J86L !KJWKRFG


M0;PC(N


8<85<_V@X=L

M1HM^E63
?:=!BJ+=3^H!JA\UG(:F1_T(QR[/I6DIG:ICSW\1S?_. QZS1@


__HRU%(N,KDB-UQ&6YF&38H;.
M!
/)Q.,%\?BHD'&\?8WY]@3V'N'(J%DN7Y, GA@[;UPL8;G\S^ E]P&;^2H
M#,GA#.?]+GJ 5P=4,L(W\#F.H!;2'P#,F,:CH&[Z6V--@^LX)T5:R(TU:Y?


@V?UT:.(XJLAILZ36^O/#73Z[\^G8D@=^#5(_

[5;PJBMEL9736\:H16/9Z
M
B]

MEW?.LK1U +J8.4 NC
^%\8F$\1%LCEJB^[P4(%&4ZE(Z::0_FLQ%OW$XR*Z0

YBX83S;8!^Z=('V&9X^W6D9_]Y( 72)H
WWD

IY6AQ5X0*!U4<Q=:7]7K&K;U4B:T%

M8$L75^@BYES$G)DQ8J2(N7FB08J8LS_8R47





 PGH_[011VTW3+@+3O:CN(E0-
M!LI%J*H
MG01JOS!EK


M*

P^I:/6.2K'_W4.

=

M$N]JG)?KCIDN6EUY^R#SPF?@([TW .D#(%G%Y

=P4+
MJ1RU

R%EK7!:;!JPYB/]B8)U:WAJL) 2RR6%%BW'AWY?SM 31XVGX


BMU:LHO



#_:<LLZ
/U]Y0O?




7^[]LX


I
MAS5A0SEN0V^39G$$;M'%0XSBP#9SL4EU&'
XR.IGSG''K



MDMCJQ%


M]OH
 J#@B6:UBV@0@%4(Q59[F


P%1.E4DJQ=L?JQFK%-L//
5_%1
NILTD:8I-T


M7EO6W93UB$N_015

M\#0L-/Z7N+3V'W]'


MR4+&A:OG[-2 OZ$U!14(S*KC[*BE.DE#6JGJ4$EM58#+KREA$@[MW3%LH^


M)P

UWY6PCNQ^27E&%?*I@


M(LUXU-=8XRCEK&0[Y!

80-6C853Q[
&\R*[_C+[;N
MLD&0Q-]ZUI9I'07+$_6@!M/:XW]0


.]$?5-3@_KR=
MV&JX/'L2-<4;59CEL<U8@DT<I^X\M8*




M= SJSW*E1G7

(5PF


M[T[*Z4+C:I!BKNP/6K






H2KQ@1!?/_B5P


MNB*^7FHIMC*O5PKG W[4I1.=$F1.I%+Q&&&Z,CDKMGCI1JX$5!=%.BZTZ(





 92L-RME;_S-







M&@H(X%'M-KTR8BT%C

]\!P/: L4F

+C':!T:
6!3J;*XX-



M$2Z/W#V04O0_: ;?O!!-


M.G0VKP7\&F3;NV@5O 6KW N+^4'/!*3%

X+^+P^%


AG"<[$)LH790PSN$0//E*5
M6H7







7T.XHD?AW;SO@[+\
GX%#.4I0$5.A#Y\&M'('G4

O3G@#A.T9F[U1$U+K;4_?


O
?K[S;L/


O9_)Q)F/_

Q@H.

MRTI^[(-0H+-9U7W=

W%*?@YB.URE.*J:#

M@HOU-5.0RW(OA
=DGD3+5HRY !B$ 0SB+PF\L'ZP6HRQ3D]#.-HA6U_:O
9]


[E[(TK92E 3@SYJ9 3J/2UYVG)8'\C)UW-8.GPA4-

KUI$*PS%F


6#1


MG(

M5-82Q$3[V5[!1B%\W
96V^O;J


 A56:63\^@#F(&GW8F2KJT+C[.QDK-

PUSEQC-+#.7/

@UV^HUJMNFVT4!E$;H[;710^80B]BCFZ^9W






X+'[UA G5YU.9O#1.OBKOPIQ1.AN



M!%V(E@NN

#*=PA;U=:(H+3?$\5Y;=A?:XT!YSC-QCE&7G
@BKW *QNX20L?#_?(=D3K K5&\F8
M=@BH\4;0!'T=U$6%T)I8<8H0KY=Z) +09#FZC;/$-1G^2]HK7&S1QW$7#Y[
M5B 2&-(
#%RXR3CA)BY8PCGXG8/?.:B=@]I0!S5=Z)F? U ID.S
]+EX!9TK






6,R3R&Q(+%])R#Y*B]ER!$<IT&$4O

ML%A:4-*+=^B^JY96RK#L


MF





^SF+_=^?MW!]I'=IFI
5)T8G
MYQ55:RYPJ13()TJ5ULH


M*\]F1Z&X/#6[4E?R

M^MI8G

.B8O$B?4SB
M/4BR TKGS5 2TA]YL$?G[UT$3]\T#H





M;NMZ
]C I%UU+E_RJ0PI]4L^7^#HR4


14\;A4'S[;
MPYC
:YPG*G@]#F
PK\5K@0J8;8UC
K=?8Q6\UJ
8RVG[!3AY3ENCF
EIG8M\

(.K:;P4SG^QF@-HKX;@UF
CKK&VP=#I-3W=_ Z73:_I'
MC31H.N5&.+JH <_F3&=Z\/;,4YW9X/O1'N3G5VZ+CE=]QHDP1O\S!N\YM(L
^/ GN.D$$K[Z



MU/0+M[



MK@24AN[CLL;Z$KW
LD)/TJV


M5(N5P  ZC'!M@.NYH#AOB
U-H9WJ J1TT%5;
%ZQS




')P X_#E



MP8YJ-9_B






LE\]O65M1-DZ=A
'+'*V_52B&H$-



MD&(9

E\%D'/CXEF-Q.WV-'3_
4FS_R
M(I(VV\:KEON5L$?&I$#!1-]%JQQJ2?#6A%^%4P?O2.)R([=U.5SEY'^&ZQ_A






$#\]TW6@\M'%3G]AE=]

MPJ#;O^N8R.9V%IM*=C\765N'=G3D'/))BVFH)8+6VX'END



9N30ZBJ=O+E$(


$




V9\\1[]P'
8MU6
)%#R_Z\@83@4OVX/H]:^S
.KGCAB_Y


G+TCP@0O




Q].\]4WE6/ _LLFYZO:A3VOBVVY$L)B@K[4G/A?H??GDWO2=]00DY
M4JKM.SG/2T(BJ+-2C:CGPGL^_)T[((TFW&;K$JESU;)TR5MP
L)E7E249L@=

MJ

M'-HY0PV&T89%26$9:ER

W7]\#BW/-_8] EP
M.\%-T5^MQSLJ\P&AO) A1Z]
)558] 3^:KUN(6IQ!J#&\MGH


P@Y9&(W:DO0DUF
D:7IRGHL+T=!F_'Q6O

M\B@_6P8UH
)&U


M'_+L?7^8SU%



M9HVUO7[/;V(BJ1#27)=$HJ=9VQK#1R/)M+\DW


JR)F=88_!8K?*LN2MY

MC6=-25

4U&MYM!.:
DH_W '\@'4 UE;,
M]$'Y?%^;JU-:0]T&%YTEL#6L_ UL,9EO^]-3CU'#%Z.,-RV3\SG?^.CV.
M!C[FZV9R2


MTB:_;'N=R7:!4A-.4O0+^/J,8IQRL[0(2CHOK_B=$&LHB[Z3-T7GC(B&-64
M)PDP9A1TWU]#'#Y1EA4E




NU]

]R220..3$0RR.-
NAYS^3H7%H#0@]?9E

M/




SL EWF/QMZICP6?0E


MBX_

4

M@]T
EF0UOI(=4&S(OR;_J?=)EYD3KU[?O]'=1BG]D]'(NKI!CNKW3QZ.ZQXE
M=9L

J (#U*[@)XB@6(T$/F+@#P4%M@%FEW3<^S763%]N)\

M[SGC8;0WO
CP'





!%^-[R@A_0._1#[71


MHZQ;$)QAJ=1T
R*R!6M$K;%$.J(WSQOAJ^5L3H]N[HMOXDK.7C&CL5_)7;ZB


MJ!#8!GS3:H)MP
@V(-;G3
8B(


MU.;!O[V@A

MOWZY[/GB$\-TUGJ+ERBI4S2;D]6&*_1

M .'2+CXBKX/[KFU*FSN/V).E@LZ?M+Y5
V+(-)$^O4F_05NSY2PWU1Y
5=
M3F9N9ZU0%4


SS'O4JNVB*A IHN!&S



)P!4+IO=Z%JK%/G=!3;&K#='H2A9Y54\*I6&*C
M 
W0Y6M0Q( BYDPF/BN$8C(:&R7]EK*T-=U(;.DUL(/F4_ ;%72 H 
TT@'2



K#1P


*<MWAF6

MUB@KD9:7J)5/N/62%0Q TV%6O26W(^YVE?K(3FNX]FQ.T-S:O.FU!C(9R&0@
MDX%


C&?MY?^[?+7.


W:-)U? +MYRTY


MHXK;

M@.0 DH.1Y/!6D8VRS%
04G?ZJVMR$\SX20N/1)HY*@1RPP1YZ$7[J;I]


M\T!P3PN!6%TDM/=HXFZCL@F=NL=I7=%8#+VH7JW6@%(I01*912'EVG=T@!

5&J7?X8=EGF

/?Z#&0(V!&I^1
M&CN
&0N*( 

ZJJD$-FK4

I'%_:[O_/2H20V#L?

M\Z$Y9YF


M!3ZKJ]G\)H[K5=T8AV;5$A6


O.;GZ4(6+YM?=




M\SF*J]E\EJ$75


3.3$PFXS6EN!S5M&.0AT)+P('\$K:T?9!?
M0DO).^U$$N;JLLFDC% _WT2JJ1ZN_P6XC+5/8K_ !35M?B]9 4Q5E
1SW

M9T1H)N]XSF2O2T@J.1N'PB(4#$BA-IBEPC%+@=+[Z.I3.PJF;))38_'*1]%D



4Q0!GLN


9'YGE%4HG+O)M7^)X'M

-/=4]]5#FMR4)FFA%9H *@]4'J@\4'E3_;S\C)H

_25VO)_5=WE^0O*%F0S783DY]PY8^6

M


LQQ-GS+&J^X#WU7=_Y6J0D,,AP&0SI^(J3;/LITFA-.[?*X0/$
M$8@C$

MV1;P?^$$/66-KQ+=





P$
H]EGN*D/4.RY&6P2P9)




#$U
3(S


MKQ/W  #-60X %               @ &=RP
 =&AS+3(P
34Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     H@%)(]@B7+1*C   8X \ %               @ 'B
MP@0 =&AS+3(P,34Q,C,Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@$ 0  )F8%
end



