

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-15-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150302
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150302
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trident Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001421907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				261367322
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53707
		FILM NUMBER:		15664499
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THIRD  FLOOR
 OLDE TOWNE MARINA
		STREET 2:		SANDYPORT
		CITY:			NASSAU
 NEW PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			C5
		ZIP:			SP-63777
		BUSINESS PHONE:		242-327-3182
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THIRD  FLOOR
 OLDE TOWNE MARINA
		STREET 2:		SANDYPORT
		CITY:			NASSAU
 NEW PROVIDENCE
		STATE:			C5
		ZIP:			SP-63777
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sandfield Ventures Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071220






                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURUTIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended November 30
 2014
                        Commission file number 000-53707
                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
           Nevada                                                26-1367322
(State or Other Jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)                              Identification No.)
                      200 South Executive Drive
 Suite 101
                              Brookfield
 WI 53005
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices & Zip Code)
                                 (262) 789-6689
                               (Telephone Number)
                            Resident Agents of Nevada
                          711 S. Carson Street
 Suite 4
                              Carson City
 NV 89701
                     (Name and Address of Agent for Service)
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None
           Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock
 $.001 par value
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes [ ] No [X]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the
best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Accelerated filer [ ]
Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Smaller reporting company [X]
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]
As of March 2
 2015
 the registrant had 28
000
000 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon the fact that no
active trading market had been established as of March 2
 2015.

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                        Page No.
                                                                        --------
                                     Part I
Item 1.     Business                                                          3
Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                      8
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                        17
Item 2.     Properties                                                       17
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                17
Item 4.     Mining Safety Disclosures                                        17
                                     Part II
Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
            Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                18
Item 6.     Selected Financial Data                                          20
Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
            and Results of Operations                                        20
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       24
Item 8.     Financial Statements                                             25
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
            and Financial Disclosure                                         35
Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures                                          35
Item 9B.    Other Information                                                36
                                    Part III
Item 10.    Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance           37
Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                           42
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
            and Related Stockholder Matters                                  44
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and
            Director Independence                                            45
Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services                           47
                                     Part IV
Item 15.    Exhibits                                                         47
Signatures                                                                   48
                                       2

                                     PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
GENERAL INFORMATION
You should read the following summary together with the more detailed business
information and the financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere
in this report. In this report
 unless the context otherwise denotes
 references
to we
 us
 our
 Trident and Trident Brands are to Trident Brands
Incorporated.
Trident Brands Incorporated was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November
5
 2007 as Sandfield Ventures Corp. to engage in the acquisition
 exploration
and development of natural resource properties. Our administrative office is
located at 200 South Executive Drive
 Suite 101
 Brookfield
 Wisconsin
 53005.
Our fiscal year end is November 30.
The Company is in the development stage and has transitioned out of their shell
status with the Super-8 filing at the end of August. Its activities to date have
been limited to capital formation
 organization
 development of its business
plan and development of their products for sale. Everlast Lean is now available
for sale and next year should see a ramp-up of sales revenue. Our independent
auditor has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing
substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.
We have a total of 75
000
000 authorized common shares with a par value of
$0.001 per share and 28
000
000 common shares issued and outstanding as of
November 30
 2014.
We completed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act of
1933 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission registering 4
000
000
shares at a price of $0.015 per share. The offering was completed for total
proceeds to the company of $60
000.
Sandfield Ventures Corp. was incorporated in the state of Nevada in 2007. Its
primary business was resource exploration in that state. Management of our
company decided to take on a new direction for the business. The new strategy is
to focus on consumer goods - primarily branded nutrition products and
ingredients. On June 12
 2013 the Board of Directors approved an agreement and
plan of merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary called Trident Brands
Incorporated. At that point it affected the name change from Sandfield Ventures
Corp. to Trident Brands Incorporated.
On July 9
 2013
 our company's board of directors approved a resolution to
effect a 4 for 1 forward split. Upon effect of the forward split
 our authorized
capital increased from 75
000
000 to 300
000
000 shares of common stock and
correspondingly
 our issued and outstanding shares of common stock will be
increased from 7
000
000 to 28
000
000 shares of common stock
 all with a par
value of $0.001
On August 1
 2013
 our directors approved the adoption of a 2013 Stock Option
Plan which permits us to issue up to 4
200
000 shares of its common stock to
directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of our company upon the exercise
of stock options granted under the 2013 Stock Option Plan.
                                       3

On December 23
 2013
 we took on an agreement with Everlast World's Boxing
Headquarters Corp.
 International Brand Management & Licensing. Through this
agreement
 we received a 15 year license to market and sell products in the
nutritional foods and supplements category under the Everlast(R) brand.
Trident's licensing agreement enables it to introduce a portfolio of nutritional
products in categories such as supplements and functional foods using this brand
mark.
Effective March 21
 2014
 we appointed the following individuals as officers and
directors:
     *    Donald MacPhee was appointed to our Board of Directors
 Chairman of
          the Audit Committee and as a member of the Corporate Governance
          Committee.
     *    Scott Chapman was appointed to our Board of Directors
 Chairman of the
          Corporate Governance Committee
 member of the Audit Committee and
          member of the Compensation Committee.
     *    Michael Browne was appointed as our President
 Chief Financial
          Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary.
     *    Peter Salvo was appointed as our Controller.
Mark Holcombe resigned as Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Secretary and
Treasurer
 and has been appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Holcombe's resignation as Chief
Executive Officer
 President
 Secretary and Treasurer was not the result of any
disagreement with our company regarding its operations
 policies
 practices or
otherwise.
On May 5
 2014
 we entered into a Product Development Agreement with Continental
Ingredients Canada Inc. with respect to our plan to commercialize nutritional
supplements and functional food and beverage products for sales in North
America.
Under the Agreement
 we have engaged Continental Ingredients on an exclusive
basis to provide services for the development
 manufacturing and supply of our
products for a period of five years commencing on May 5
 2014 and ending on May
5
 2019
 such term to renew automatically for a further 12 months unless either
party delivers written termination notice six months prior to the expiration of
the initial term or renewal period.
On May 5
 2014
 we appointed Robert Campbell and Karen Arseneault as special
advisors.
Also on May 5
 2014
 we granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to
directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of our company pursuant to our
2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date
of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from
the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date
of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date of issuance. Of
the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 we granted:
                                       4

     1.   1
125
000 stock options to our President
 Chief Financial Officer
          Treasurer and Secretary
 Michael Browne;
     2.   300
000 stock options to each of our directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott
          Chapman
 Mark Holcombe;
     3.   150
000 stock options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and
     4.   350
000 stock options to each of our special advisors
 Robert Campbell
          and Karen Arseneault.
Description of Business
Trident Brands brings together over 50 years of seasoned expertise in branded
consumer products and corporate finance. The principals of Trident brands have
experience in developing and commercializing consumer products
 in global
companies and specialty markets. Our purpose is to apply these capabilities in
starting new product lines with specific competitive advantage. All of our
product development will be built on the success formula:
     *    Extending established brands with existing equity
     *    Delivering consumer benefit with unique technology or intellectual
          properties
     *    Targeting dynamic growth segments
Coupled with strategic capital investment
 our focus is controlled investments
in companies within the targeted segment/sectors. Our goal is to provide our
shareholders with outstanding ROI through a portfolio of branded platforms.
Trident Brands is targeting the follow growth opportunities:
     *    Brand Licenses or Consolidated Licenses
     *    Consumer hard and soft goods
     *    Functional Food and Beverage
     *    Life Science technology that have applications in consumer products
     *    Natural and Organic food and beverage
     *    Intellectual Property and/or licenses in recognized brand platforms
INVESTMENT STRATEGY
Trident will seek to acquire majority and/or control positions through common
and preferred equity
 senior secured
 unsecured
 and convertible debt in
organizations who meet our investment hurdles. Through our management and
directors vast expertise in both the consumer branded segment and investment
experience
 we seek to provide our shareholders with near term value and
liquidity. Through strategic investment and controlled organic growth
 Trident
Brands will seek to provide their investments with solid short and long term
returns and yields.
                                       5

The Company strategic objective is:
     *    Make strategic controlled investments in high growth companies
     *    Merge brands/business lines into larger multi-national Companies
     *    Build and grow strategic brands organically
     *    Mitigate risk by creating a diverse portfolio of companies in the
          growth sectors listed above
COMPANIES & STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS
EVERLAST NUTRITION
Trident Brands finalized documentation to acquire Sports Nutrition Products Inc.
the company has obtained a 15 year exclusive North American license for
Everlast's functional and nutritional product brand segment from IBML (a
worldwide leader in Brand licensing). This transaction closed in December 2013.
PRODUCT PRODUCTION
Trident Brands has identified ingredient supply and contract packaging vendors
for the manufacture of the products currently under the Everlast brand. These
vendors would be responsible for the private label production of our products.
COMPETITION
Eventually
 through acquisitions
 Trident Brands plans to compete in multiple
branded market segments. Through its wholly owned subsidiary Everlast Sports
Nutrition
 the first market segment Trident will be competing in is the
nutritional product market. This market is highly competitive with many
companies fighting for market share. The nutritional product market is one of
the fastest growing markets in the world producing close to 32 billion dollars
in revenue in 2012
 and is projected to double
 producing revenues exceeding 60
billion dollars by 2021 according to the Nutritional Business Journal. With the
combination of high quality
 scientifically designed products and the brand
equity in the Everlast name
 we are poised to take market share in the rapidly
growing nutritional product market.
BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDINGS
There has been no bankruptcy
 receivership or similar proceeding.
REORGANIZATIONS
 PURCHASE OR SALE OF ASSETS
There have been no material reclassifications
 mergers
 consolidations
 or
purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of
business.
                                       6

COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATION
Trident Brands is compliant with all government regulations.
PATENTS
 TRADEMARKS
 FRANCHISES
 CONCESSIONS
 ROYALTY AGREEMENTS
 OR LABOR
CONTRACTS
We have no current plans for any registrations such as patents
 trademarks
copyrights
 franchises
 concessions
 royalty agreements or labor contracts. We
will assess the need for any copyright
 trademark or patent applications on an
ongoing basis.
NEED FOR GOVERNMENT APPROVAL FOR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
Trident Brands through its contracted third party manufactures
 will have all
necessary approvals for its products and services.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS DURING THE LAST TWO YEARS
We have not expended funds for research and development costs since inception.
EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS
Our officers and directors do not have written employment contracts with us. We
presently do not have pension
 health
 annuity
 insurance
 profit sharing or
similar benefit plans; however
 we may adopt plans in the future. Except for our
stock option plan
 which no options have been issued
 there are presently no
personal benefits available to our officers and directors. Our officers and
directors will handle our administrative duties.
Our only employee is our President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and
Secretary
 Michael Browne. Mr. Browne currently devotes 100% of his time to the
company. Mr. Browne entered into an employment contract with us beginning on
March 18
 2014 for a term of one year. Pursuant to this contract
 Mr. Browne is
to act as our President. In exchange for his services to our company as
President
 we will compensate Mr. Browne with a base annual salary of $5
000
prior to the start of consumer sales
 and $10
000 monthly thereafter.
Additionally
 Mr. Browne will receive the following equity options granted
pursuant to our Stock Option Plan:
     1.   375
000 options at $0.75 vesting at 12 months
     2.   375
000 options at $1.00 vesting at 24 months; and
     3.   375
000 options at $1.50 vesting at 36 months.
REPORTS TO SECURITIES HOLDERS
We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our
shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any
interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules of
Regulation S-K for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements
 including filing Form
10-K annually and Form 10-Q quarterly. In addition
 we will file Form 8-K and
                                       7

other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not
intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to
file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and
copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC)
 at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 DC
20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an
Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the
other information included in this report before making an investment decision
with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into
this current report on Form 10-K that are not historic facts are forward-looking
statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by
forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occur
 our
business
 financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that
case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you may lose all
or part of your investment.
WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY WITH SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND EXPECT LOSSES TO
CONTINUE FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.
We have yet to establish any history of profitable operations and
 as at
November 30
 2014
 have incurred a net loss of $644
937 since our inception on
November 5
 2007. Our business operations began in 2007 and have resulted in net
losses in each year. We have generated only nominal revenues since our inception
and do not anticipate that we will generate revenues which will be sufficient to
sustain our operations in the near future. Our profitability will require the
successful commercialization and sales of our planned products. We may not be
able to successfully achieve any of these requirements or ever become
profitable.
THERE IS DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN DUE TO RECURRING
LOSSES FROM OPERATIONS
 ACCUMULATED DEFICIT AND INSUFFICIENT CASH RESOURCES TO
MEET OUR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES
 ALL OF WHICH MEANS THAT WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO
CONTINUE OPERATIONS.
Our independent auditors have added an explanatory paragraph to their audit
opinion issued in connection with the financial statements for the years ended
November 30
 2014 and 2013 with respect to their doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to our financial statements
for the years ended November 30
 2014 and 2013
 we have generated operating
losses since inception
 and our cash resources are insufficient to meet our
planned business objectives
 which together raises doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern.
                                       8

WE COULD FACE INTENSE COMPETITION
 WHICH COULD RESULT IN LOWER REVENUES AND
HIGHER EXPENDITURES AND COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
Unless we keep pace with changing market demands
 we could lose existing
customers and fail to win new and retain any future customers. In order to
compete effectively in the food and nutrition industry
 we must continually
design
 develop implement and market new and/or enhanced products and
strategies. Our future success will depend
 in part
 upon our ability to address
the changing and sophisticated needs of the marketplace. Our strategy of
expanding our food and nutrition business could adversely affect our business
operations and financial condition.
Further
 we expect to derive over a significant amount of revenue from our food
and nutrition products
 which are often non-standard
 involve competitive
bidding
 and may produce volatility in earnings and revenue.
Our plan to pursue sales of our product in international markets may be limited
by risks related to conditions in such markets.
WE ARE GOVERNED BY ONLY THREE PERSONS SERVING AS DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS WHICH
MAY LEAD TO FAULTY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
We have not implemented various corporate governance measures nor have we
adopted any independent committees as we presently do not have any independent
directors.
WE MUST ATTRACT AND MAINTAIN KEY PERSONNEL OR OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL.
Success depends on the acquisition of key personnel. We will have to compete
with other companies both within and outside the food and nutrition industry to
recruit and retain competent employees. If we cannot maintain qualified
employees to meet the needs of our anticipated growth
 this could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SECURE ADDITIONAL FINANCING TO MEET OUR FUTURE CAPITAL
NEEDS DUE TO CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS.
We anticipate requiring significant capital to fulfill our contractual
obligations (as noted in our audited financial statements)
 continue development
of our planned products to meet market evolution
 and execute our business plan
generally. We may use capital more rapidly than currently anticipated and incur
higher operating expenses than currently expected
 and we may be required to
depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs. We may
need new or additional financing in the future to conduct our operations or
expand our business. Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions
and/or financial markets in the United States or globally could adversely affect
our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. From time to time we
have relied
 and may also rely in the future
 on access to financial markets as
a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general
corporate purposes. We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms
acceptable to us
 or at all
 at the time when we need such funding. If we do
raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities
 the
ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced
 and the
                                       9

securities that we issue may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to
those of the holders of our common stock or may be issued at a discount to the
market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing
stockholders. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
 we may be subject to
debt covenants
 which could place limitations on our operations including our
ability to declare and pay dividends. Our inability to raise additional funds on
a timely basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives
and would have a negative impact on our business
 financial condition and
results of operations.
OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS COULD BE HARMED IF WE FAIL TO MANAGE OUR
GROWTH OR CHANGE.
Our business may experience periods of rapid change and/or growth that could
place significant demands on our personnel and financial resources. To manage
possible growth and change
 we must continue to try to locate skilled
professionals in the food and nutrition industry and adequate funds in a timely
manner.
WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN CONTINUING
TO GROW OUR BUSINESS
 THEN WE MAY HAVE TO SCALE BACK OR EVEN CEASE OUR ONGOING
BUSINESS OPERATIONS.
We have achieved no revenues and have limited assets. There can be no assurance
that we will ever operate profitably. We have a limited operating history. Our
success is significantly dependent on the successful marketing and sales of our
food and nutritional products
 which cannot be guaranteed. Our operations will
be subject to all the risks inherent in the uncertainties arising from the
absence of a significant operating history. We may be unable to complete the
marketing and implementation of our food and nutritional products and operate on
a profitable basis. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties
normally encountered by enterprises in the development stage. If our business
plan is not successful
 and we are not able to operate profitably
 investors may
lose some or all of their investment in our company.
IF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY IS NOT ADEQUATELY PROTECTED
 THEN WE MAY NOT BE
ABLE TO COMPETE EFFECTIVELY AND WE MAY NOT BE PROFITABLE.
Our commercial success may depend
 in part
 on obtaining and maintaining patent
protection
 trade secret protection and regulatory protection of our
technologies and product candidates as well as successfully defending
third-party challenges to such technologies and candidates. We will be able to
protect our technologies and product candidates from use by third parties only
to the extent that valid and enforceable patents
 trade secrets or regulatory
protection cover them and we have exclusive rights to use them. The ability of
our licensors
 collaborators and suppliers to maintain their patent rights
against third-party challenges to their validity
 scope or enforceability will
also play an important role in determining our future.
The patent positions of technology related companies can be highly uncertain and
involve complex legal and factual questions that include unresolved principles
and issues. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed
regarding such companies' patents has emerged to date in the United States
 and
the patent situation outside the United States is even more uncertain. Changes
in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United
                                       10

States or other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property.
Accordingly
 we cannot predict with any certainty the range of claims that may
be allowed or enforced concerning our patents.
We may also rely on trade secrets to protect our technologies
 especially where
we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However
 trade
secrets are difficult to protect. While we seek to protect confidential
information
 in part
 through confidentiality agreements with our consultants
and scientific and other advisors
 they may unintentionally or willfully
disclose our information to competitors. Enforcing a claim against a third party
related to the illegal acquisition and use of trade secrets can be expensive and
time consuming
 and the outcome is often unpredictable. If we are not able to
maintain patent or trade secret protection on our technologies and product
candidates
 then we may not be able to exclude competitors from developing or
marketing competing products
 and we may not be able to operate profitability.
IF WE ARE THE SUBJECT OF AN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIM
 THE COST
OF PARTICIPATING IN ANY LITIGATION COULD CAUSE US TO GO OUT OF BUSINESS.
There has been
 and we believe that there will continue to be
 significant
litigation and demands for licenses in our industry regarding patent and other
intellectual property rights. Although we anticipate having a valid defense to
any allegation that our current products
 production methods and other
activities infringe the valid and enforceable intellectual property rights of
any third parties
 we cannot be certain that a third party will not challenge
our position in the future. Other parties may own patent rights that we might
infringe with our products or other activities
 and our competitors or other
patent holders may assert that our products and the methods we employ are
covered by their patents. These parties could bring claims against us that would
cause us to incur substantial litigation expenses and
 if successful
 may
require us to pay substantial damages. Some of our potential competitors may be
better able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation
 and depending on
the circumstances
 we could be forced to stop or delay our research
development
 manufacturing or sales activities. Any of these costs could cause
us to go out of business.
WE COULD LOSE OUR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO PROTECT ANY OUR
FOOD AND NUTRITIONAL PRODUCTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AGAINST
INFRINGEMENT
 AND ANY RELATED LITIGATION COULD BE TIME-CONSUMING AND COSTLY.
Our success and ability to compete depends to a significant degree on our
license and the ability to use our food and nutritional products. If any of our
competitor's copies or otherwise gains access to any of our competitive
advantages or develops similar products independently
 we would not be able to
compete as effectively.
We also consider our assigned trademarks invaluable to our ability to continue
to develop and maintain the goodwill and recognition associated with our brand.
These and any other measures that we may take to protect our intellectual
property rights
 which presently are based upon a combination of copyright
trade secret and trademark laws
 may not be adequate to prevent their
unauthorized use.
Further
 the laws of foreign countries may provide inadequate protection of such
intellectual property rights. We may need to bring legal claims to enforce or
protect such intellectual property rights. Any litigation
 whether successful or
                                       11

unsuccessful
 could result in substantial costs and diversions of resources. In
addition
 notwithstanding any rights we have secured in our intellectual
property
 other persons may bring claims against us that we have infringed on
their intellectual property rights
 including claims based upon the content we
license from third parties or claims that our intellectual property right
interests are not valid. Any claims against us
 with or without merit
 could be
time consuming and costly to defend or litigate
 divert our attention and
resources
 result in the loss of goodwill associated with our service marks or
require us to make changes to our website or other of our technologies.
IF WE FAIL TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE OUR GROWTH OUR FUTURE BUSINESS RESULTS COULD BE
HARMED AND OUR MANAGERIAL AND OPERATIONAL RESOURCES MAY BE STRAINED.
As we proceed with the commercialization of our technology
 we expect to
experience significant and rapid growth in the scope and complexity of our
business. We will need to add staff to market our services
 manage operations
handle sales and marketing efforts and perform finance and accounting functions.
We will be required to hire a broad range of additional personnel in order to
successfully advance our operations. This growth is likely to place a strain on
our management and operational resources. The failure to develop and implement
effective systems
 or to hire and retain sufficient personnel for the
performance of all of the functions necessary to effectively service and manage
our potential business
 or the failure to manage growth effectively
 could have
a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
OUR SERVICES MAY BECOME OBSOLETE AND UNMARKETABLE IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RESPOND
ADEQUATELY TO RAPIDLY CHANGING TECHNOLOGY AND CUSTOMER DEMANDS.
Our industry is characterized by rapid changes market demands. As a result
 our
products may quickly become obsolete and unmarketable. Our future success will
depend on our ability to adapt to and anticipate market demands
 develop new
products and enhance our current products on a timely and cost-effective basis.
Further
 our products must remain competitive with those of other companies with
substantially greater resources. We may experience technical or other
difficulties that could delay or prevent the development
 introduction or
marketing of new products or enhanced versions of existing products. Also
 we
may not be able to adapt new or enhanced services to emerging industry or
governmental standards.
OUR FAILURE TO APPROPRIATELY RESPOND TO CHANGING CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DEMAND
FOR NEW PRODUCTS OR PRODUCT ENHANCEMENTS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM PRODUCT SALES
AND HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
Our business is subject to changing consumer trends and preferences
 especially
with respect to weight management products. Our success depends on our ability
to anticipate and respond to these changes
 and we may not respond in a timely
or commercially appropriate manner to such changes. The nutritional supplement
industry is characterized by rapid and frequent changes in demand new product
introductions and enhancements. Our failure to predict these trends could
negatively impact consumer opinion of our products.
                                       12

IF WE DO NOT INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS OR MAKE ENHANCEMENTS TO ADEQUATELY MEET THE
CHANGING NEEDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS
 SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS COULD FAIL IN THE
MARKETPLACE
 WHICH COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR REVENUES
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
OPERATING RESULTS.
The business of marketing weight management and nutrition products is highly
competitive and sensitive to the introduction of new products or weight
management plans
 including various prescription drugs
 which may rapidly
capture a significant share of the market. These market segments include
numerous manufacturers
 distributors
 marketers
 retailers and physicians that
actively compete for the business of consumers.
For example
 if our competitors develop other diet or weight management
treatments that prove to be more effective than our products
 demand for our
products could be reduced. Accordingly
 we may not be able to compete
effectively in our markets and competition may intensify.
In addition
 because the industry in which we operate is not particularly
capital intensive or otherwise subject to high barriers to entry
 it is
relatively easy for new competitors to emerge who will compete with us.
WE ARE AFFECTED BY LAWS AND GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS WITH POTENTIAL PENALTIES OR
CLAIMS
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
The formulation
 manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 advertising
licensing
 sale and storage of our products are affected by laws and
governmental regulations.
New regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may
result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and
may negatively impact the marketing of our products
 resulting in loss of sales
revenues. We are subject to FDA rules for current good manufacturing practices
or cGMPs
 for the manufacture
 packing
 labeling and holding of dietary
supplements distributed in the United States. Trident has retained supply
partners that implement a comprehensive quality assurance program designed to
If contract manufacturers fail to comply with the cGMPs
 this could negatively
impact Trident's reputation and ability to sell its products even though Trident
is not directly liable under the cGMPs for such compliance.
SINCE WE RELY ON INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTIES FOR THE MANUFACTURE AND SUPPLY OF
CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS
 IF THESE THIRD PARTIES FAIL TO RELIABLY SUPPLY PRODUCTS
TO US AT REQUIRED LEVELS OF QUALITY AND WHICH ARE MANUFACTURED IN COMPLIANCE
WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
 THEN OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS WOULD
BE HARMED.
We cannot assure you that our outside contract manufacturers will continuously
reliably supply products to us at the levels of quality
 or the quantities
 we
require
 and in compliance with applicable laws
 including under the FDA's cGMP
regulations. Additionally
 while we are not presently aware of any current
liquidity issues with our suppliers
 we cannot assure you that they will not
experience financial hardship or capacity constraints in future that could
interrupt supply.
                                       13

WE MAY INCUR MATERIAL PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS
 WHICH COULD INCREASE OUR COSTS
AND HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
Our products will consist of vitamins
 minerals and other ingredients that are
classified as foods or dietary supplements and are not subject to pre-market
regulatory approval in the United States. Our products could contain
contaminated substances
 and some of our products contain some ingredients that
do not have long histories of human consumption. We rely upon published and
unpublished safety information including clinical studies on ingredients used in
our products. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human
consumption of these ingredients could occur. As a marketer of dietary and
nutritional supplements and other products that are ingested by consumers or
applied to their bodies
 we may be subjected to various product liability
claims
 including that the products contain contaminants
 the products include
inadequate instructions as to their uses
 or the products include inadequate
warnings concerning side effects and interactions with other substances. It is
possible that widespread product liability claims could increase our costs
 and
adversely affect our revenues and operating income. Moreover
 liability claims
arising from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher
insurance premiums and deductibles
 and may make it more difficult to secure
adequate insurance coverage in the future.
CREDIT RISK
On May 1
 2014
 the Company obtained a short term loan of $200
000 from Rene
Arseneault. The loan bears interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on
maturity
 calculated on the principle amount of the loan outstanding. Unless
paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full
on April 30
 2015. On July 21
 2014
 the Company obtained another short term
loan of $100
000 from 1169822 Ontario Limited. The loan bears interest at the
rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principle amount
of the loan outstanding. Unless paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid
interest shall be payable in full on June 21
 2015. As of November 30
 2014
both short term loans are still outstanding. The accrued interest expense is
$12
215 ($9
333 and $2
882 respectively).
Our company had $352 in cash at the end of November 30
 2014. Unless we are able
to generate cash from the sale of product or obtains long term financing
 we may
not be able to fulfill its obligation to pay off the loan.
RISKS RELATING TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR SECURITIES
OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE
 WHICH MAY RESULT IN LOSSES TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS.
The stock markets have experienced significant price and trading volume
fluctuations
 and the market prices of companies listed on the OTCQB quotation
system in which shares of our common stock are listed
 have been volatile in the
past and have experienced sharp share price and trading volume changes. The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate
widely in response to many factors
 including the following
 some of which are
beyond our control:
                                       14

     *    variations in our operating results;
     *    changes in expectations of our future financial performance
 including
          financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
     *    changes in operating and stock price performance of other companies in
          our industry;
     *    additions or departures of key personnel; and
     *    future sales of our common stock.
Domestic and international stock markets often experience significant price and
volume fluctuations. These fluctuations
 as well as general economic and
political conditions unrelated to our performance
 may adversely affect the
price of our common stock.
OUR COMMON SHARES MAY BECOME THINLY TRADED AND YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL AT OR
NEAR ASK PRICES
 OR AT ALL.
We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for trading our
common stock will be sustained. Although the trading volume of our common shares
increased significantly recently
 it has historically been sporadically or
thinly-traded meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our
common shares at or near bid prices at certain given time may be relatively
small or non-existent.
This situation is attributable to a number of factors
 including the fact that
we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts
 stock
brokers
 institutional investors and others in the investment community who
generate or influence sales volume. Even if we came to the attention of such
persons
 those persons tend to be risk-averse and may be reluctant to follow
purchase
 or recommend the purchase of shares of an unproven company such as
ours until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence
there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares
is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large
and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous
sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance
that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will
develop or be sustained
 or that current trading levels will be sustained.
THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON STOCK IS PARTICULARLY VOLATILE GIVEN OUR STATUS
AS A RELATIVELY SMALL COMPANY
 WHICH COULD LEAD TO WIDE FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR
SHARE PRICE. YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL YOUR COMMON STOCK AT OR ABOVE YOUR
PURCHASE PRICE IF AT ALL
 WHICH MAY RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES TO YOU.
Shareholders should be aware that
 according to SEC Release No. 34-29093
 the
market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and
abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one
or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2)
manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and
false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving
high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced
sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by
selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by
promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired
level
 along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with
consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have
                                       15

occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be
in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who
participate in the market
 management will strive within the confines of
practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established
with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices
could increase the volatility of our share price.
WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDENDS TO OUR COMMON SHAREHOLDERS.
We presently do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on any of our common
stock in the foreseeable future. If payment of dividends does occur at some
point in the future
 it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if
any
 capital requirements
 and general financial condition. The payment of any
common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors.
We presently intend to retain all earnings after paying the interest for the
preferred stock
 if any
 to implement our business plan; accordingly
 we do not
anticipate the declaration of any dividends for common stock in the foreseeable
future.
WE ARE LISTED ON THE OTCQB QUOTATION SYSTEM
 OUR COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO
PENNY STOCK RULES WHICH COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR LIQUIDITY AND OUR
SHAREHOLDERS' ABILITY TO SELL THEIR SHARES.
Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB. We must comply with numerous
NASDAQ MarketPlace rules in order to maintain the listing of our common stock on
the OTCQB. There can be no assurance that we can continue to meet the
requirements to maintain the quotation on the OTCQB listing of our common stock.
If we are unable to maintain our listing on the OTCQB
 the market liquidity of
our common stock may be severely limited.
VOLATILITY IN OUR COMMON SHARE PRICE MAY SUBJECT US TO SECURITIES LITIGATION.
The market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility
as compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will
continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future.
In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation
against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its
securities. We may
 in the future
 be the target of similar litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and
could divert management's attention and resources.
THE ELIMINATION OF MONETARY LIABILITY AGAINST OUR DIRECTORS
 OFFICERS AND
EMPLOYEES UNDER NEVADA LAW AND THE EXISTENCE OF INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OF OUR
DIRECTORS
 OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES MAY RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL EXPENDITURES BY OUR
COMPANY AND MAY DISCOURAGE LAWSUITS AGAINST OUR DIRECTORS
 OFFICERS AND
EMPLOYEES.
Our Articles of Incorporation contains a specific provision that eliminates the
liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages to our company and
shareholders. Further
 we are prepared to give such indemnification to our
directors and officers to the extent provided for by Nevada law. We may also
have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment agreements
with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our
                                       16

company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or
damage awards against directors and officers
 which we may be unable to recoup.
These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our company from
bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their
fiduciary duties
 and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative
litigation by our shareholders against our directors and officers even though
such actions
 if successful
 might otherwise benefit our company and
shareholders.
OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGING REGULATIONS RELATED TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE THAT HAVE INCREASED BOTH OUR COSTS AND THE RISK OF
NONCOMPLIANCE.
Because our common stock is publicly traded
 we are subject to certain rules and
regulations of federal
 state and financial market exchange entities charged
with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities
are publicly traded. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board
 the SEC and FINRA
 have issued requirements and regulations and
continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to
corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress
 most notably the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. Our efforts to comply with these regulations have resulted in
 and
are likely to continue resulting in
 increased general and administrative
expenses and diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. Because new and modified laws
 regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their
lack of specificity
 their application in practice may evolve over time as new
guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This evolution may
result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional
costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance
practices.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
We do not currently own any property. Our administrative office is located at
200 South Executive Drive
 Suite 101
 Brookfield
 Wisconsin
 53005. The
facilities include answering services
 fax services
 secretarial services
reception area and offices. Management believes the current premises are
sufficient for its needs at this time. During the year ended November 30
 2014
we incurred $7
893 in rental fees.
We currently have no investment policies as they pertain to real estate
 real
estate interests or real estate mortgages.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of
any pending or potential legal actions.
ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES
None.
                                       17

                                     PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
        PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Since July 8
 2013 our shares have been approved for trading under the symbol
TDNT. As of the date of this filing
 there has been no active trading of our
securities
 and
 therefore
 no high and low bid pricing.
The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes
 last
sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter (OTC) securities. The
OTCBB is not an issuer listing service
 market or exchange. Although the OTCBB
does not have any listing requirements per se
 to be eligible for quotation on
the OTCBB
 issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or
applicable regulatory authority. Market Makers are not permitted to begin
quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement.
Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required
filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not
make their required filing during that time.
As of November 30
 2014
 we have 28
000
000 Shares of $0.001 par value common
stock issued and outstanding held by 17 shareholders of record.
Of the 28
000
000 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30
 2014
12
000
000 shares are owned by Mark Holcombe
 a former officer and director
 and
may only be resold in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933.
The stock transfer agent for our securities is Holladay Stock Transfer.
DIVIDENDS
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. For the
foreseeable future
 we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development
and expansion of our business
 and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends on its common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be
at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then
existing conditions
 including our financial condition and results of
operations
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 business prospects
and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant.
SECTION RULE 15(G) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
The Company's shares are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
 as amended that imposes additional sales practice requirements on
broker/dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess
of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual
income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouses). For
transactions covered by the Rule
 the broker/dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase and have received the purchaser's
                                       18

written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Consequently
 the Rule
may affect the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and also may
affect your ability to sell your shares in the secondary market.
Section 15(g) also imposes additional sales practice requirements on
broker/dealers who sell penny securities. These rules require a one page summary
of certain essential items. The items include the risk of investing in penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary marketing; terms important to in
understanding of the function of the penny stock market
 such as bid and
offer quotes
 a dealers spread and broker/dealer compensation; the
broker/dealer compensation
 the broker/dealers duties to its customers
including the disclosures required by any other penny stock disclosure rules;
and the customers rights and remedies in causes of fraud in penny stock
transactions.
SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS
As of November 30
 2014
 we issued the following securities under our option
compensation plan:


                                                                                                 Vesting From
Name and Position        Number of Options     Date of Grant    Exercise Price    Expiration     Date of Grant
-----------------        -----------------     -------------    --------------    ----------     -------------

1. Michael Browne             375
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   President
 Chief           375
000           May 5
 2014          $1.00        May 5
 2019      24 months
   Financial Officer
         375
000           May 5
 2014          $1.50        May 5
 2019      36 months
   Treasurer and
   Secretary
2. Donald MacPhee             100
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Director
 Chairman         100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.00        May 5
 2019      24 months
   of the Audit               100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.50        May 5
 2019      36 months
   Committee and
   member of the
   Corporate
   Governance
   Committee
3. Scott Chapman              100
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Director                   100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.00        May 5
 2019      24 months
                              100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.50        May 5
 2019      36 months
4. Mark Holcombe              100
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Director
 Chairman         100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.00        May 5
 2019      24 months
   of the Board of            100
000           May 5
 2014          $1.50        May 5
 2019      36 months
   Directors and
   Chairman of the
   Compensation
   Committee
5. Peter Salvo                50
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Controller                 50
000           May 5
 2014          $1.00        May 5
 2019      24 months
                              50
000           May 5
 2014          $1.50        May 5
 2019      36 months
6. Robert Campbell           175
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Special Advisor           175
000           May 5
 2014          $1.25        May 5
 2019      24 months
7. Karen Arseneault          175
000           May 5
 2014          $0.75        May 5
 2019      12 months
   Special Advisor           175
000           May 5
 2014          $1.25        May 5
 2019      24 months
       TOTAL:              2
875
000

                                       19

SECTION 16(a)
Based solely upon a review of Form 3 and 4 furnished by us under Rule 16a-3(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 we are not aware of any individual who
failed to file a required report on a timely basis required by Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
There were no shares of common stock or other securities issued to the issuer or
affiliated purchasers during the year ended November 30
 2014.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2014 AND
2013
 AND THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER
 2014 AND 2013.
The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements for the three month periods ended November
30 2014 and 2013
 and the fiscal years ended November 30
 2014 and 2013.
Our operating results for the three and twelve month periods ended November 30
2014 and 2013 are summarized as follows:


                          Three Months      Three Months      Twelve Months     Twelve Months   November 5
 2007
                              Ended             Ended             Ended             Ended        (inception) to
                             Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
                              2014              2013              2014              2013              2014
                           ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------

Revenues                   $      479        $      Nil        $      479        $      Nil        $      479
Cost of Goods              $      305        $      Nil        $      305        $      Nil        $      305
Operating Expenses         $  192
326        $   14
919        $  399
373        $   55
563        $  556
515
Other Expenses             $   30
000        $      123        $  110
000        $      123        $   88
596
Net Income (Loss)          $ (222
152)       $  (14
797)       $ (509
200)       $  (55
441)       $ (644
938)

We have generated very limited revenues since our inception on November 5
 2007.
EXPENSES
Our operating expenses for the three and twelve month periods ended November 30
2014 and 2013
 from inception to November 30
 2014 are outlined in the table
below:
                                       20



                              Three Months      Three Months      Twelve Months     Twelve Months   November 5
 2007
                                  Ended             Ended             Ended             Ended        (inception) to
                                 Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
           Nov 30
                                  2014              2013              2014              2013              2014
                               ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------        ----------

Professional Fees              $   62
451        $    5
970        $  130
383        $   22
655        $  130
383
General & Administrative
 Expenses                      $   23
969        $    7
449        $   36
617        $   30
908        $   36
617
Marketing Expenses             $   58
508        $      Nil        $  108
265        $      Nil        $  108
265
Management Salary              $   21
000        $      Nil        $   56
000        $      Nil        $   56
000
Director's Fees                $   18
000        $      Nil        $   48
000        $      Nil        $   48
000
Rent - Related Party & H.O     $    2
397        $    1
500        $    7
893        $    2
000        $    7
893
Interest Expense               $    6
000        $      Nil        $   12
215        $      Nil        $   12
215

Expenses for the three month period ended November 30
 2014 were $192
326 as
compared to $14
919 for the comparative period in 2013. The increase in our
expenses is primarily due to an increase in professional fees
 marketing
expenses and management salaries.
Operating expenses for the twelve month period ended November 30
 2014 were
$399
373 as compared to $55
563 for the comparative period in 2013. The increase
in our expenses is primarily due to an increase in professional fees
 marketing
expenses and management salaries.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our cash balance at November 30
 2014 was $352. Management believes the current
funds available to the company and loans from our directors will fund our
operations for the next twelve months. We are a development stage company and
have generated $479 in revenue to date.
GOING CONCERN
The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.
The Company had limited revenue raising operations during the period from
November 5
 2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2014 and generated a net
loss of $644
937. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern.
PLAN OF OPERATION
CASH REQUIREMENTS
Over the next 12 months we intend to carry on business as a food and nutrition
product company. We anticipate that we will incur the following operating
expenses during this period:
                                       21

              ESTIMATED FUNDING REQUIRED DURING THE NEXT 12 MONTHS
            Expense                                         Amount ($)
            -------                                         ----------
            Professional fees                                400
000
            Consulting/Advisor fees                          260
000
            Rent                                              10
000
            Sales
 Travel and Marketing                      450
000
            Other general administrative expenses            210
000
            Royalty obligations (1)                          235
000
            TOTAL                                          1
565
000
----------
(1)  Due to the Trade Mark License Agreement of June 4
 2013 that was assigned
     to us in the assignment Agreement dated December 23
 2013.
We will require funds of approximately $1
565
000 over the next twelve months to
operate our business. These funds may be raised through equity financing
 debt
financing
 or other sources
 which may result in further dilution in the equity
ownership of our shares. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain
operations at a level sufficient for an investor to obtain a return on their
investment in our common stock. Further
 we may continue to be unprofitable.
PURCHASE OF SIGNIFICANT EQUIPMENT
We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment
during the next 12 months.
GOING CONCERN
There is significant doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
As shown in the accompanying financial statements
 we have incurred net losses
of $644
937 since inception. This condition raises substantial doubt as to our
ability to continue as a going concern. In response to these conditions
 we may
raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities
 through an
offering of debt securities or through borrowings from financial institutions or
individuals. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.
Our objective is the creation of value through strategic investments high growth
early stage consumer brands businesses. We intend to focus on control
investments in companies within the segment/sectors which are currently
experiencing long term growth. Our goal is to provide our shareholders with
private equity like returns through strategic investments in multiple branded
platforms. The platforms we will be focusing on are:
     *    Brand Licenses or Consolidated Licenses
     *    Consumer hard and soft goods
     *    Functional Food and Beverage
     *    Life Science technology that have applications in consumer products
     *    Natural and Organic food and beverage Intellectual Property and/or
          licenses in recognized brand platforms
                                       22

INVESTMENT STRATEGY
Trident will seek to acquire majority and/or control positions through common
and preferred equity
 senior secured
 unsecured
 and convertible debt in
organizations who meet our investment hurdles. Through our management and
directors vast expertise in both the consumer branded segment and investment
experience
 we seek to provide our shareholders with near term value and
liquidity. Through strategic investment and controlled organic growth
 Trident
Brands will seek to provide their investments with solid short and long term
returns and yields.
The Company strategic objective is:
     *    Make strategic controlled investments in high growth companies
     *    Merge brands/business lines into larger multi-national Companies
     *    Build and grow strategic brands organically
     *    Mitigate risk by creating a diverse portfolio of companies in the
          growth sectors listed above.
COMPANIES & STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS
EVERLAST NUTRITION
Trident Brands finalized documentation to acquire Sports Nutrition Products Inc.
the company has obtained a 15 year exclusive North American license for
Everlast's functional and nutritional product brand segment from IBML (a
worldwide leader in Brand licensing). This transaction closed in December 2013.
PRODUCT PRODUCTION
Trident Brands has identified ingredient supply and contract packaging vendors
for the manufacture of the products currently under the Everlast brand. These
vendors would be responsible for the private label production of our products.
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
On May 5
 2014
 Trident Brands Incorporated (the Company) entered into a
Product Development Agreement with Continental Ingredients Canada Inc.
(Continental Ingredients) with respect to the Company's plan to commercialize
nutritional supplements and functional food and beverage products for sales in
North America (the Agreement).
Under the Agreement the Company has engaged Continental Ingredients on an
exclusive basis to provide services for the development
 manufacture and supply
of the Company's products for a period of five years commencing on May 5
 2014
and ending on May 5
 2019
 such term to renew automatically for a further 12
months unless either party delivers written termination notice six months prior
to the expiration of the initial term or renewal period.
                                       23

Continental Ingredients will submit for approval by the Company
 proposals for
the production of any products. Once product specifications have been approved
by the Company
 the parties will enter into separate production agreements for
the manufacturing
 pricing and distribution of the products (the Production
Agreements). The pricing of the products under the Production Agreements will
result in a gross margin to Continental Ingredients of between 20 to 30 percent
as more particularly described in the Agreement.
The Company will remain the sole owner or licensee of all intellectual property
rights associated with the products.
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information.
                                       24

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               GEORGE STEWART
 CPA
                              316 17TH AVENUE SOUTH
                            SEATTLE
 WASHINGTON 98144
                        (206) 328-8554 FAX (206) 328-0383
             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors
Trident Brands Inc.
I have  audited  the  accompanying  balance  sheets of Trident  Brands  Inc.  (A
Development  Stage  Company) as of November  30
 2014 and 2013
  and the related
statements  of  operations
  stockholders'  equity  and cash flows for the years
ended  November  30
  2014 and 2013 and for the  period  from  November  5
 2007
(inception)
   to  November  30
  2014.  These  financial   statements  are  the
responsibility of the Company's  management.  My responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on my audit.
I conducted my audit in  accordance  with the  standards  of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that I plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining
 on a
test basis
  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management
  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial statement presentation.  I believe that my audit provides a reasonable
basis for my opinion.
In my opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all
material respects
 the financial position of Trident Brands Inc.
 (A Development
Stage  Company)  as of  November  30
  2014 and  2013
  and the  results  of its
operations and cash flows for the years ended November 30
 2014 and 2013 and the
period from  November 5
 2007  (inception)
  to November 30
 2014 in  conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
The accompanying  financial  statements have been prepared  assuming the Company
will  continue as a going  concern.  As discussed  in Note # 4 to the  financial
statements
  the Company has had no operations and has no established  source of
revenue.  This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern.  Management's plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note
#4. The financial  statements do not include any  adjustments  that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.
/s/ George Stewart
------------------------------
Seattle
 Washington
February 24
 2015
                                       25

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                                  Balance Sheet
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                          As of                As of
                                                                       November 30
         November 30
                                                                           2014                 2013
                                                                        ----------           ----------

                                     ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash                                                                  $      352           $      131
  Prepaid                                                                    1
049                   --
                                                                        ----------           ----------
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                         1
401                  131
                                                                        ----------           ----------
      TOTAL ASSETS                                                      $    1
401           $      131
                                                                        ==========           ==========
                       LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Accounts Payable                                                      $  134
758           $   11
385
  Accrued Liability                                                         82
760                   --
  Loan Payable - Related Party                                              53
820               49
483
  Loan Payable - Third Party                                               300
000                   --
                                                                        ----------           ----------
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  571
338               60
868
                                                                        ----------           ----------
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                    571
338               60
868
                                                                        ----------           ----------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized;
   28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2014
   and November 30
 2013                                                    28
000               28
000
  Additional paid-in capital                                                47
000               47
000
  Deficit accumulated during development stage                            (644
937)            (135
738)
                                                                        ----------           ----------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                (569
937)             (60
738)
                                                                        ----------           ----------
      TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                          $    1
401           $      131
                                                                        ==========           ==========

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                       26

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                             Statement of Operations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                             Three Months       Three Months      Twelve Months      Twelve Months
                                                Ended              Ended              Ended              Ended
                                             November 30
       November 30
       November 30
       November 30
                                                 2014               2013               2014               2013
                                             ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------

REVENUES                                     $        479                  $       $        479       $         --
Cost of Sales                                         305                 --                305                 --
                                             ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
GROSS PROFIT                                          173                 --                173                 --
Professional Fees                                  62
451              5
970            130
383             22
655
Mineral Expenditures                                   --                 --                 --                 --
General & Administrative Expenses                  23
969              7
449             36
617             30
908
Marketing
 Selling & Warehousing Expenses          58
508                 --            108
265                 --
Management Salary                                  21
000                 --             56
000                 --
Director's Fees                                    18
000                 --             48
000                 --
Rent                                                2
397              1
500              7
893              2
000
Interest Expense                                    6
000                 --             12
215                 --
                                             ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
TOTAL GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES          (192
326)           (14
919)          (399
373)           (55
563)
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)
  Royalty Fees                                    (30
000)                --           (110
000)                --
  Other Income                                         --                123                 --                123
  Gain on Note Payable Forgiveness                     --                 --                 --                 --
                                             ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)                     (30
000)               123           (110
000)               123
                                             ------------       ------------       ------------       ------------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                            $   (222
152)      $    (14
797)      $   (509
200)      $    (55
441)
                                             ============       ============       ============       ============
BASIC EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE               $      (0.01)      $      (0.00)      $      (0.01)      $      (0.00)
                                             ============       ============       ============       ============
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
 COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                     28
000
000         28
000
000         28
000
000         28
000
000
                                             ============       ============       ============       ============

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                       27

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                  Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
           From November 5
 2007 (Inception) through November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                                              Deficit
                                                                                            Accumulated
                                                                 Common        Additional     During
                                                Common           Stock          Paid-in     Development
                                                Stock            Amount         Capital        Stage           Total
                                                -----            ------         -------        -----          -----

BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 5
 2007                             --        $     --       $     --     $       --      $      --
Stock issued for cash on November 5
 2007
 @ $0.00125 per share                         12
000
000          12
000          3
000                        15
000
Net loss
 November 30
 2007                                                                       (690)          (690)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2007                    12
000
000          12
000          3
000           (690)        14
310
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Stock issued for cash on July 23
 2008
 @  0.00375 per share                         16
000
000          16
000         44
000                        60
000
Net loss
 November 30
 2008                                                                    (27
885)       (27
885)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2008                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000        (28
575)        46
425
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2009                                                                    (22
588)       (22
588)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2009                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000        (51
163)        23
837
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2010                                                                    (14
801)       (14
801)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2010                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000        (65
964)         9
036
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2011                                                                    (16
767)       (16
767)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2011                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000        (82
731)        (7
731)
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2012                                                                      2
434          2
434
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2012                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000        (80
297)        (5
297)
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2013                                                                    (55
441)       (55
441)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2013                    28
000
000          28
000         47
000       (135
738)       (60
738)
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========
Net loss
 November 30
 2014                                                                   (509
200)      (509
200)
                                             -----------        --------       --------     ----------      ---------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2014                    28
000
000        $ 28
000       $ 47
000     $ (644
938)     $(569
937)
                                             ===========        ========       ========     ==========      =========

Note: On July 30
 2013 the Company effected a 4 for 1 forward split of its share
      capital such that every one share of common stock issued and outstanding
      prior to the split was exchanged for four post-split shares of common
      stock. These forward splits have been retro-actively applied to all
      previous periods.
                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                       28

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                             Statement of Cash Flows
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                     Twelve Months        Twelve Months
                                                                         Ended                Ended
                                                                      November 30
         November 30
                                                                          2014                 2013
                                                                       ----------           ----------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income (loss)                                                    $ (509
200)          $  (55
441)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
   provided by (used in) operating activities:
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Pre-paid & Deposits                                                    (1
049)                  --
    Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities                              206
133                6
585
                                                                       ----------           ----------
          NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES            (304
115)             (48
856)
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
          NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES                  --                   --
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Loan Payable - Related Party                                              4
337               44
483
  Loan Payable - Third Party                                              300
000
  Issuance of common stock                                                     --                   --
                                                                       ----------           ----------
          NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES             304
337               44
483
                                                                       ----------           ----------
NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                                               222               (4
372)
CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                                   131                4
503
                                                                       ----------           ----------
CASH AT END OF PERIOD                                                  $      352           $      131
                                                                       ==========           ==========
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid during year for:
  Interest                                                             $       --           $       --
                                                                       ==========           ==========
  Income Taxes                                                         $       --           $       --
                                                                       ==========           ==========

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                       29

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Trident Brands  Incorporated  (f/k/a Sandfield Ventures Corp.) (the Company) was
incorporated  under the laws of the State of Nevada on  November  5
  2007.  The
Company was formed to engage in the acquisition
  exploration and development of
natural resource properties.
The Company is now focused on consumer products.  The objective is investment in
and development of high growth consumer brands and ingredients  businesses.  The
Company is now an  operating  company  and has  transitioned  out of their shell
status with the Super-8 filing at the end of August. Its activities to date have
been limited to capital  formation
  organization
  development  of its business
plan and  development  of an array of products  for sale.  Everlast  Lean is now
available for sale and next year should see a ramp-up in sales revenue.
NOTE 2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
The Company's  financial  statements  are prepared  using the accrual  method of
accounting. The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
ASC No. 260
 Earnings Per Share
  specifies the computation
  presentation and
disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly
held common stock. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.
Basic net  earnings  (loss) per share  amounts is computed  by dividing  the net
earnings  (loss) by the weighted  average  number of common shares  outstanding.
Diluted  earnings  (loss)  per share are the same as basic  earnings  (loss) per
share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.
CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Company considers all highly liquid  investments  purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
INVENTORY
The Company has entered  into an agreement  with one of their  co-manufacturers
Continental  Ingredients Company
 to purchase the inventory.  The company is not
liable to pay for the  inventory  until the  following  month that the goods are
sold with the balance of the  remaining  inventory  payable after 90 days. As of
November 30
 2014
 Continental has purchased  approximately $90
000 of inventory
which the Company will be liable for next year.
USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally  accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and
the  reported  amounts of revenues  and expenses  during the  reporting  period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250
all adjustments are normal and recurring.
                                       30

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
  Accounting for Income
Taxes.  A  deferred  tax  asset  or  liability  is  recorded  for all  temporary
differences   between  financial  and  tax  reporting  and  net  operating  loss
carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during
the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of
management
  it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized.  Deferred tax assets and  liabilities  are adjusted
for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.
REVENUE
The Company records revenue from on-line point of sales (POS)  transactions when
the cash is credited  to the bank.  The  Company is just  beginning  to generate
sales revenue.
ADVERTISING
The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. Advertising expenses for
the year were approximately $2
900.
NOTE 3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS
The Company has evaluated all the recent accounting  pronouncements  through the
date the  financial  statements  were issued and filed with the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission and believe that none of them will have a material effect on
the Company's financial statements.
NOTE 4. GOING CONCERN
The  accompanying  financial  statements are presented on a going concern basis.
The Company had no  significant  operations  during the period from  November 5
2007 (date of  inception)  to  November  30
  2014 and  generated  a net loss of
$644
938. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern. The Company is currently in the pre-production
stage and expenses are increasing.  They have secured short term bridge loans to
cover these  expenses.  The current  cash of $352 is  insufficient  to cover the
expenses they will incur during the next twelve  months.  The Company was in the
process of securing  major long term  financing to see them through this period.
(See note on subsequent events).
NOTE 5. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS
On May 5
 2014
  Trident  granted an  aggregate of  2
875
000  stock  options to
directors
  officers
  employees  and  consultants  of the  Company  pursuant to
Trident's 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from
                                       31

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the date of grant at  exercise  prices of $0.75 per share for shares  vesting 12
months from the date of issuance
  $1.00 per share for shares  vesting 24 months
from the date of issuance  and $1.50 for shares  vesting 36 months from the date
of issuance.  Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
  Trident granted 1
125
000
stock options to its president
  Michael Brown; 300
000 stock options to each of
its  directors
  Donald  MacPhee
  Scott Chapman
  Mark Holcombe;  150
000 stock
options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its
special advisors
 Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault.
NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property.  Between June
1
 2009 and August 31
 2009 and the month of  September  2012 the Company paid a
director $300 per month for use of office space and services.  Between September
1
 2009 and August 31
 2012 and August 1
 2013 and November 30
 2014 the Company
paid a director $500 per month for use of office space and services.
As of November 30
  2014
  there is a loan  payable due to Mark  Holcombe
  sole
officer and director of the Company
  for $53
820 that is  non-interest  bearing
with no specific repayment terms.
The officer and director of the Company may
 in the future
  become  involved in
other business opportunities as they become available
 he may face a conflict in
selecting between the Company and his other business opportunities.  The Company
has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.
NOTE 7. LOAN PAYABLE - THIRD PARTY
On May 1
 2014
  the Company  obtained a short term loan of  $200
000  from Rene
Arseneault.  On July 21
 2014
 the Company  obtained  another short term loan of
$100
000 from 1169822 Ontario  Limited.  Both loans bear interest at the rate of
8.0% per annum
  payable on maturity
  calculated on the principle amount of the
loans  outstanding.  Unless  paid  earlier
  the loans and  accrued  and  unpaid
interest  shall  be  payable  in full on  April  30
  2015  and  June  21
  2015
respectively.  As of  November  30
  2014
  both  short  term  loans  are  still
outstanding.  The  accrued  interest  expense  is  $12
215  ($9
333  and  $2
882
respectively).
NOTE 8. EVERLAST LICENCE AGREEMENT
On December 23
 2013
  the Company  entered into a Deed of Assignment  Agreement
with Everlast  World's  Boxing  Headquarters  Corporation
  International  Brand
Management  Limited
  Sports  Nutrition  Products  Incorporated  and  Manchester
Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and
Manchester  Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
  a
New York corporation
 has assigned its interest in the trade mark license to the
Company.
Pursuant to the terms of the assignment  agreement
  Sports  Nutrition  Products
Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
  assigns
all of its rights
  title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license to the
Company  effective  December  23
  2013 and the  Company  will assume all of the
obligations  of  Sports  Nutrition  Products   Incorporated  under  the  license
agreement.  The Company shall remain  responsible to Everlast and  International
Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary
  Sports  Nutrition  Products
Inc.
The Everlast Licence Agreement includes a clause stating that Manchester Capital
Incorporated  will  guarantee  that  the  Licensee  shall  perform  all  of  its
obligations and duties under the Licence Agreement.  If the Licensee defaults in
the payment when due of any amount it is obliged to pay to Licensor under the
                                       32

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Licence  Agreement
  or  arising  from its  termination
  Manchester  Capital is
unconditionally  responsible  to pay  that  amount  to  Licensor  in the  manner
prescribed in the Licence Agreement as if it were the Licensee.
NOTE 9. INCOME TAXES
                                                         As of November 30
 2014
                                                         -----------------------
Deferred tax assets:
  Net operating tax carryforwards                               $ 644
938
  Tax rate                                                             35%
                                                                ---------
Gross deferred tax assets                                         225
728
Valuation allowance                                              (225
728)
                                                                ---------
Net deferred tax assets                                         $       0
                                                                =========
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon  sufficient  future taxable
income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
are expected to be available to reduce  taxable  income.  As the  achievement of
required  future taxable income is uncertain
  the Company  recorded a valuation
allowance.
NOTE 10. NET OPERATING LOSSES
As of November 30
 2014
  the Company has a net operating loss  carryforward  of
approximately  $644
938.  Net operating loss carryforwards  expires twenty years
from the date the loss was incurred.
NOTE 11. STOCK TRANSACTIONS
Transactions
  other than employees' stock issuance
  are in accordance with ASC
No. 505.  Thus  issuances  shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the
consideration  received.  Transactions  with  employees'  stock  issuance are in
accordance with ASC No. 718. These issuances shall be accounted for based on the
fair  value  of the  consideration  received  or the fair  value  of the  equity
instruments issued
 or whichever is more readily determinable.
On November 5
 2007
  the Company  issued a total of 3
000
000  shares of common
stock to Mark Holcombe for cash in the amount of $0.005 per share for a total of
$15
000.
On July 23
 2008
 the Company issued a total of 4
000
000 shares of common stock
to 27  unrelated  shareholders  for cash in the amount of $0.015 per share for a
total of $60
000 pursuant to the Company's SB-2 registration statement.
On July 30
  2013
  the  Company  effected a 4 for 1 forward  split of its share
capital such that every one share of common stock to the split was exchanged for
four post-split shares of common stock. As of November 30
 2013
 the Company had
28
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.
NOTE 12. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
The  stockholders'  equity section of the Company contains the following classes
of capital stock as of November 30
 2013:
Common  stock
  $ 0.001 par value:  300
000
000  shares  authorized;  28
000
000
shares issued and outstanding.
                                       33

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                        (f/k/a SANDFIELD VENTURES CORP.)
                          (A Development Stage Company)
                          Notes to Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On January 29
  2015
  Trident  Brands  Incorporated  entered  into a securities
purchase agreement with
a non-US institutional investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal
amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
  convertible into
shares of the company's  common stock.  The Company  received the funds from the
transaction on February 5
 2015.
The convertible  debentures  provide for repayment in four quarterly payments of
interest  commencing on April 29
 2015
 and are  convertible  into shares of the
Company's common stock at an initial  conversion price of $.71 per share
 for an
aggregate of up to 3
239
437  shares.  The  debentures  bear  interest at 8% per
annum
 payable in cash each quarter.
The Company  intends to use the net proceeds from this  transaction  for working
capital and general corporate purposes.
                                       34

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A (T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including
our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (our
president)
 we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the
evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such
that the material information required to be included in our Securities and
Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our principal executive and financial officer
 recorded
 processed
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms
relating to our company
 particularly during the period when this report was
being prepared.
MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 for the Company. Internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.
Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness
of any system of internal control
 and accordingly
 even effective internal
control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In
addition
 effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective
in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in
the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.
A material weakness is a significant deficiency
 or combination of significant
deficiencies
 that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a
material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 as of the
                                       35

Evaluation Date
 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation under this framework
 management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of the Evaluation Date.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of Evaluation Date and identified the following material
weaknesses:
INSUFFICIENT RESOURCES: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite
expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting.
INADEQUATE  SEGREGATION OF DUTIES:  We have an inadequate number of personnel to
properly implement control procedures.
LACK OF AUDIT COMMITTEE & OUTSIDE DIRECTORS ON THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
We do not have a functioning audit committee or outside directors on the
Company's Board of Directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the
establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.
Management is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) continue
to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist
the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities
 (2) increase the
frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will
mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel
and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit committee members in
the future.
Management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
has discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered
public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness
 there is a
more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the
annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented
or detected.
This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered
public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management's report was not subject to attestation by the our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management's report in this annual report.
Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the last fiscal quarter for our fiscal year ended November 30
2014 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
                                       36

                                    PART III
ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers
as of the date of this report:
     Name                Age                         Position
     ----                ---                         --------
Mark Holcombe (1)        47        Director
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                   and Chairman of the Compensation Committee.
Donald MacPhee (2)       53        Director
 Chairman of the Audit Committee and
                                   member of the Corporate Governance Committee.
Scott Chapman (3)        51        Director.
Michael Browne (4)       53        President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
                                   and Secretary.
Peter Salvo (5)          60        Controller.
----------
(1)  Mark Holcombe was appointed as a Director and Treasurer of our company on
     November 5
 2007 and as Chairman of the Compensation Committee of our
     company on March 21
 2014.
(2)  Donald MacPhee was appointed as a Director and to his other roles with our
     company on March 21
 2014.
(3)  Scott Chapman was appointed as a Director of our company on March 21
 2014.
(4)  Michael Browne was appointed as President
 Chief Financial Officer
     Treasurer and Secretary of our company on March 21
 2014.
(5)  Peter Salvo was appointed as a Controller of our company on March 21
 2014.
Our directors will serve in that capacity until our next annual shareholder
meeting or until his successor is elected or appointed and qualified. Officers
hold their positions at the will of our Board of Directors. There are no
arrangements
 agreements or understandings between non-management security
holders and management under which non-management security holders may directly
or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs.
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
Our executive management team represents a significant depth of experience in
public companies
 food and nutritional products
 marketing
 and domestic and
international business development. The team represents a cross-disciplinary
approach to management and business development.
DONALD MACPHEE
 DIRECTOR
Donald MacPhee is a partner of Continental Ingredients Canada Inc. Mr. MacPhee
co-founded Continental Ingredients in 1994 and played a major role in taking the
company from $650
000 in revenue to over $50 million today. He has over 30 years
of experience in the food and beverage ingredient industry. Don has worked
closely with major North American food and beverage manufacturers to develop new
products for their portfolios.
                                       37

Mr. McPhee will be providing guidance to our company relating to product
development
 sourcing
 and supply chain management of the various products that
we will be launching within our portfolio.
Mr. McPhee holds a business administration and marketing degree from St.
Lawrence College.
SCOTT CHAPMAN
 DIRECTOR
Scott Chapman is an investment professional with over 20 years of experience
both in Canada and internationally. He has acted as a senior partner with Lines
Overseas Management (Bermuda
 Bahamas)
 [1998-2006]; and in institutional
retail sales with Midland Walwyn (Montreal
 Quebec)
 [1988-1997].
Across numerous financial sectors
 Mr. Chapman's responsibilities have included
corporate finance
 venture capital
 institutional and retail sales.
Mr. Chapman is a native of Montreal
 Quebec educated at Concordia University and
has recently returned to Montreal after 10 years of working in Bermuda and the
Bahamas.
MARK HOLCOMBE
 DIRECTOR
 CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
 CHAIRMAN OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Mark Holcombe is experienced in corporate and investment banking
 corporate
development and asset management. Mr. Holcombe has over 23 years of banking and
corporate finance experience. He has significant experience in M&A advisory
corporate restructurings and public and private debt and equity financings.
Formerly
 Mr. Holcombe was Managing Partner of Stirling Partners (Bahamas) Ltd.
Formerly
 he was a Senior Advisor to Providence Advisors Limited
 Managing
Director and Head of Asset Management for Madison Williams Holdings
 LLC in New
York City and Head of Corporate Development/Private Equity of GEM Global
Equities Management S.A. Also
 He has worked as a senior investment banker at
Global Hunter Securities
 Donaldson
 Lufkin and Jenrette
 Gleacher
NatWest/NatWest Markets
 and ING Capital. Mr. Holcombe presently serves as a
Director of Asante Gold Corporation.
Mr. Holcombe holds a B.A. from Colgate University and graduated from the
Chemical Bank Corporate Finance Analyst Training Program.
                                       38

MICHAEL BROWNE
 PRESIDENT
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
 TREASURER AND SECRETARY
Michael Browne is a sales and marketing professional with a leadership resume in
industry-leading consumer products companies: Kellogg
 Frito-Lay
 Mars Inc.
MillerCoors LLC. Mr. Browne has managed power brands in the categories of: ready
to eat cereal
 salty snacks
 confectionery
 mainstream and specialty beer. He
has over 25 years' business experience spanning both North American and
international markets.
From September 2003 to November 2010
 Mr. Browne employed by MillerCoors in
various positions. Most recently
 he was the Vice President of Marketing for
Above Premium from August 2008 to November 2010. As Vice President of Marketing
Mr. Browne lead the above premium portfolio including key brands that included
Blue Moon
 Leinenkugel
 Molson
 and SAB international imports (Peroni
 Pilsner
Urquell
 Grolsch)
 and super premium brands (Sparks
 Miller Chill). Mr. Browne
drove craft beer share growth and increases in value of key franchises. Further
his broad range of commercial responsibilities included sales execution
planning
 cultivating key distributor relationships
 collaborating with global
trademark owners
 and capability development for professional marketing staff of
24.
PETER SALVO
 CONTROLLER
Peter Salvo is a professional accountant with over 25 years of experience in
manufacturing
 most notably in the automotive industry. Mr. Salvo has served in
many capacities
 most recently as controller and finance manager with Meritor
Suspension Systems Company for 14 years. He has also worked for Rockwell
International for 11 years as Manager of Financial Analysis. Mr. Salvo has
extensive financial management experience and served as a key member of various
management teams. His experience includes development of business operating
plans
 preparation of sales and profit projections and monitoring of results
preparation of monthly financial statements and variance analysis
 cash flow
forecasts
 standard costing and inventory controls
 capital expenditure and cost
benefit analysis
 implementation of internal controls and safeguarding of
assets.
Mr. Salvo received his Certified Management Accountant designation in 1985 and
holds a bachelor degree in commerce from McMaster University.
Our company believes that all of our directors' respective educational
background
 operational and business experience give them the qualifications and
skills necessary to serve as directors and officers
 respectively
 of our
company. Our board of directors now consists solely of Mr. Holcombe
 Mr. D.
MacPhee and Mr. Chapman.
SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES
Our only employee is our President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and
Secretary
 Michael Browne. Mr. Browne currently devotes 100% of his time to the
company. Mr. Browne entered into an employment contract with us beginning on
March 18
 2014 for a term of one year. Pursuant to this contract
 Mr. Browne is
to act as our President. In exchange for his services to our company as
President
 we will compensate Mr. Browne with a base annual salary of $5
000
                                       39

prior to the start of consumer sales
 and $10
000 monthly thereafter.
Additionally
 Mr. Browne will receive the following equity options granted
pursuant to our Stock Option Plan:
     1.   375
000 options at $0.75 vesting at 12 months
     2.   375
000 options at $1.00 vesting at 24 months; and
     3.   375
000 options at $1.50 vesting at 36 months.
FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS
There are no family relationships between any of our directors and officers.
INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
To the best of our knowledge
 none of our directors or executive officers has
during the past ten years:
     1.   been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending
          criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
          offences);
     2.   had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or
          property of the person
 or of any partnership
 corporation or business
          association of which he was a general partner or executive officer
          either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior
          to that time;
     3.   been subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently
          reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
          or federal or state authority
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
          barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting
 his involvement in any type
          of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities
 investment
 banking
          savings and loan
 or insurance activities
 or to be associated with
          persons engaged in any such activity;
     4.   been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or
          by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
          violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the
          judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;
     5.   been the subject of
 or a party to
 any federal or state judicial or
          administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently
          reversed
 suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a
          civil proceeding among private litigants)
 relating to an alleged
          violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or
          regulation
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or
          insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or
          permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil
          money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or
          removal or prohibition order
 or any law or regulation prohibiting
          mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or
                                       40

     6.   been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not
          subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory
          organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15
          U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section
          1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any
          equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has
          disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a
          member.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 requires our
executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10% of a
registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial
statements of beneficial ownership
 reports of changes in ownership and annual
reports concerning their ownership of our shares of common stock and other
equity securities
 on Forms 3
 4 and 5
 respectively. Executive officers
directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or
written representations from certain reporting persons
 we believe that during
fiscal year ended November 30
 2013
 all filing requirements applicable to our
officers
 directors and greater than 10% percent beneficial owners were complied
with.
Our company filed a post-effective amendment our SB-2 Registration to disclose
the information reflecting the change to the corporation's officer and director
and the ownership of securities upon consummation of the transfer.
CODE OF ETHICS
We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers
 directors and
employees. When we do adopt a code of ethics
 we will disclose it in a Current
Report on Form 8-K.
AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its
audit committee that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as
defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K
 and is independent as the
term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended.
We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating
our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for
financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would
qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and
burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of
our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to
date. In addition
 we currently do not have nominating
 compensation or audit
committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written
nominating
 compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors do not
believe that it is necessary to have such committees because they believe the
functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our
board of directors.
                                       41

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


                                                                                 Change in
                                                                                  Pension
                                                                                 Value and
                                                                   Non-Equity   Nonqualified
                                                                   Incentive     Deferred       All
 Name and                                                            Plan         Compen-      Other
 Principal                                   Stock       Option     Compen-       sation       Compen-
 Position       Year   Salary     Bonus      Awards      Awards     sation       Earnings      sation     Totals
------------    ----   ------     -----      ------      ------     ------       --------      ------     ------

Mike Browne
    2014   $40
000      0           0          0           0            0               0    $40
000
CEO & CFO
Peter Salvo
    2014   $16
000      0           0          0           0            0               0    $16
000
Controller
Mark            2014         0      0           0          0           0            0         $16
000    $16
000
Holcombe
       2013         0      0           0          0           0            0               0          0
Former CEO &    2012         0      0           0          0           0            0               0          0
CFO
Donald          2014         0      0           0          0           0            0         $16
000    $16
000
MacPhee
Director
Scott           2014         0      0           0          0           0            0         $16
000    $16
000
Chapman
Director

Our officers and directors have written employment contracts with us. We
presently do not have pension
 health
 annuity
 insurance
 profit sharing or
similar benefit plans; however
 we may adopt plans in the future. Except for our
stock option plan
 which no options have been issued
 there are presently no
personal benefits available to our officers and directors. Our officers and
directors will handle our administrative duties.
Our only employee is our President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and
Secretary
 Michael Browne. Mr. Browne currently devotes 100% of his time to the
company. Mr. Browne entered into an employment contract with us beginning on
March 18
 2014 for a term of one year. Pursuant to this contract
 Mr. Browne is
to act as our President. In exchange for his services to our company as
President
 we will compensate Mr. Browne with a base annual salary of $5
000
prior to the start of consumer sales
 and $10
000 monthly thereafter.
Additionally
 Mr. Browne will receive the following equity options granted
pursuant to our Stock Option Plan:
                                       42

     1.   375
000 options at $0.75 vesting at 12 months
     2.   375
000 options at $1.00 vesting at 24 months; and
     3.   375
000 options at $1.50 vesting at 36 months.
On November 5
 2006
 a total of 3
000
000 shares of common stock were issued to
Mr. Holcombe in exchange for cash in the amount of $15
000 U.S.
 or $.005 per
share. On July 30
 2013 the company effected a 4 for 1 split of its common stock
resulting in Mr. Holcombe owning 12
000
000 shares of common stock. The terms of
these stock issuances were as fair to the company
 in the opinion of the board
of directors
 as could have been made with an unaffiliated third party.
There are no annuity
 pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to
officers
 directors or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement
date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the
company or any of its subsidiaries
 if any.
                  OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END


                                     Option Awards                                            Stock Awards
         -----------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                     Equity
                                                                                                                    Incentive
                                                                                                        Equity        Plan
                                                                                                       Incentive     Awards:
                                                                                                         Plan       Market or
                                                                                                        Awards:      Payout
                                            Equity                                                     Number of    Value of
                                           Incentive                           Number                  Unearned     Unearned
                                          Plan Awards;                           of         Market      Shares
      Shares
           Number of      Number of        Number of                           Shares      Value of    Units or     Units or
          Securities     Securities       Securities                          or Units    Shares or     Other         Other
          Underlying     Underlying       Underlying                          of Stock     Units of     Rights       Rights
          Unexercised    Unexercised      Unexercised    Option     Option      That      Stock That     That         That
           Options         Options         Unearned     Exercise  Expiration  Have Not     Have Not    Have Not     Have Not
Name     Exercisable(#) Unexercisable(#)   Options(#)    Price($)    Date     Vested(#)    Vested($)   Vested(#)    Vested(#)
----     -------------- ----------------  ----------     -----       ----     ---------    ---------   ---------    ---------

Mike           0              0               0            0          0          0            0           0            0
Browne
Mark           0              0               0            0          0          0            0           0            0
Holcombe
Donald         0              0               0            0          0          0            0           0            0
MacPhee
                              DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
                                                                     Change in
                                                                      Pension
                                                                     Value and
                   Fees                            Non-Equity       Nonqualified
                  Earned                            Incentive        Deferred
                 Paid in      Stock     Option        Plan         Compensation     All Other
    Name           Cash      Awards     Awards     Compensation      Earnings      Compensation     Total
    ----           ----      ------     ------     ------------      --------      ------------     -----
Mark Holcombe    $16
000        0          0            0                0               0         $16
000
Donald MacPhee   $16
000        0          0            0                0               0         $16
000
Scott Chapman    $16
000        0          0            0                0               0         $16
000

                                       43

On May 5
 2014
 Trident granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to
directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to
Trident's 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from
the date of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12
months from the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months
from the date of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date
of issuance. Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 Trident granted 1
125
000
stock options to its president
 Michael Brown; 300
000 stock options to each of
its directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott Chapman
 Mark Holcombe; 150
000 stock
options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its
special advisors
 Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our
common stock as of August 22
 2014 (i) by each person who is known by us to
beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each of our officers
and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group.


                                                                           Amount and
                                                                           Nature of
  Name and Address                                                         Beneficial         Percent
of Beneficial Owner         Office
 If Any            Title of Class      Ownership (1)     of Class (2)
-------------------         --------------            --------------      -------------     ------------

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
Mark Holcombe             Director and Chairman        Common Stock       12
000
000          42.86%
                          of the Compensation
                          Committee
Donald MacPhee            Director
 Chairman of        Common Stock          182
000           0.65%
                          the Audit Committee
                          and member of the
                          Corporate Governance
                          Committee
All officers and
 directors as a group                                  Common stock
                                                       $0.001 par value                       43.51%
5%+ SECURITY HOLDERS
None.                     n/a                          n/a                       n/a            n/a
All 5%+ Security Holders                               Common stock
                                                       $0.001 par value

----------
(1)  Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC
     and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to
     securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership
     of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of
     our common stock.
(2)  Based on 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding.
(3)  Continental Ingredients of Canada Inc. holds 400
000 common shares of our
     company and Donald MacPhee is Managing Partner of Continental Ingredients
     with 45.5% ownership share in Continental Ingredients.
                                       44

CHANGES IN CONTROL
We do not currently have any arrangements which if consummated may result in a
change of control of our company.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR
         INDEPENDENCE
The following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of the
November 30
 2014 fiscal year
 or any currently proposed transaction
 in which
our company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or
exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year end for the last two completed fiscal years
 and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
compensation described under Executive Compensation). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection
with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received
 as applicable
 in arm's-length
transactions.
KAREN ARSENEAULT
On May 1
 2014
 our company entered into a loan agreement with Rene Arseneault.
Pursuant to this agreement
 Mr. Arseneault agreed to loan to our company an
aggregate of USD$200
000 being an interest of 8% per annum for a term of one
year.
Mr. Arseneault is the husband of Karen Arseneault. Mrs. Arseneault was appointed
as one of our special advisors and granted the following options on May 5
 2014:
                                                                   Vesting from
Number of Options   Date of Grant   Exercise price   Expiration    date of Grant
-----------------   -------------   --------------   ----------    -------------
     175
000         May 5
 2014         $0.75      May 5
 2019      12 months
     175
000         May 5
 2014         $1.25      May 5
 2019      24 months
MARK HOLCOMBE
On May 31
 2014
 there is a loan payable due to Mark Holcombe
 a director of our
company
 for $53
820 that is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment
terms. This loan was by oral agreement.
In addition
 our company rents office space from Mr. Holcombe for $500 per
month.
DONALD MACPHEE
On May 5
 2014
 we entered into a Product Development Agreement with Continental
Ingredients Canada Inc. with respect to our plan to commercialize nutritional
supplements and functional food and beverage products for sales in North America
(the PRODUCT AGREEMENT).
                                       45

Under the Agreement
 our company has exclusively engaged Continental Ingredients
to provide services for the development
 manufacture and supply of our products
for a period of five years commencing on May 5
 2014 and ending on May 5
 2019
such term to renew automatically for a further 12 months unless either party
delivers written termination notice six months prior to the expiration of the
initial term or renewal period.
Continental Ingredients will submit for approval from our company
 proposals for
the production of any products. Once product specifications have been approved
by us
 the parties will enter into separate production agreements for the
manufacturing
 pricing and distribution of the products (the PRODUCTION
AGREEMENTS). The pricing of the products under any Production Agreements will
result in a gross margin to Continental Ingredients of between 20 to 30 percent
as more particularly described in the Product Agreement.
Donald MacPhee is Managing Partner of Continental Ingredients with 45.5%
ownership share in Continental Ingredients and a director of our company as of
March 21
 2014. Continental Ingredients also owns 400
000 common shares of our
company
 which is approximately 1.43% of our issued and outstanding common
stock.
PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS
Mark Holcombe
 who is one of three directors of our company
 was our only
promoter in the past five fiscal years. Mr. Holcombe has not received
 nor will
he receive
 anything of value from us
 directly or indirectly in his capacity as
promoter. However
 he holds 12
000
000 or approximately 42.86 of our issued and
outstanding common shares. Additionally
 Mr. Holcombe receives $24
000 on an
accrued annual basis and the following options as of May 5
 2014:
                                                                   Vesting from
Number of Options    Date of Grant  Exercise price   Expiration    date of Grant
-----------------    -------------  --------------   ----------    -------------
     100
000          May 5
 2014        $0.75      May 5
 2019      12 months
     100
000          May 5
 2014        $1.00      May 5
 2019      24 months
     100
000          May 5
 2014        $1.50      May 5
 2019      36 months
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We currently act with three directors
 consisting of Mark Holcombe
 Donald
MacPhee and Scott Chapman.
We have an audit committee
 compensation committee and corporate governance
committee.
However
 all of the members of the committees are not independent. We believe
that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial
statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial
reporting. The board of directors of our company does not believe that it is
necessary to have a completely independent audit
 compensation or corporate
governance committee at this time because we believe that the functions of such
committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. Additionally
we believe that retaining independent directors would be overly costly and
burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of
our development.
                                       46

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
We currently have only two independent directors
 Scott Chapman and Donald
MacPhee
 as the term independent is defined by the rules of the NASDAQ Stock
Market.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The total fees charged to the company for audit services were $10
700
 for
audit-related services were $10
700
 for tax services were $Nil and for other
services were $Nil during the year ended November 30
 2014.
The total fees charged to the company for audit services were $9
000
 for
audit-related services were $9
000
 for tax services were $Nil and for other
services were $Nil during the year ended November 30
 2013.
                                     PART IV
ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS
The following exhibits are included with this filing:
     Exhibit                       Description
     -------                       -----------
      3(i)        Articles of Incorporation*
      3(ii)       Bylaws*
     31.1         Sec. 302 Certification of CEO
     31.2         Sec. 302 Certification of CFO
     32           Sec. 906 Certification of CEO/CFO
    101           Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
                  S-T.
----------
*    Included in our original Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (subsequently
     amended utilizing Form S-1) under Commission File Number 333-148710.
                                       47

                                   SIGNATURES
In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.
March 2
 2015                           Trident Brands Incorporated
                                            /s/ Mike Browne
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        By: Mike Browne
                                            (President
 Chief Financial Officer
                                            Chief Executive Officer
 Treasurer &
                                            Secretary)
                                            /s/ Peter Salvo
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        By: Peter Salvo
                                            (Controller)
                                            /s/ Mark Holcombe
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        By: Mark Holcombe
                                            (Director & Chairman of the Board)
                                            /s/ Donald MacPhee
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        By: Donald MacPhee
                                            (Director)
                                            /s/ Scott Chapman
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        By: Scott Chapman
                                            (Director)
                                       48







                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
I
 Mike Browne
 certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K;
2.   Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;
3.   Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
     information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
          me by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and
5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.
Date: March 2
 2015                   By: /s/ Mike Browne
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Mike Browne
                                          Chief Executive Officer







                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
I
 Mike Browne
 certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K;
2.   Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
     statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
     were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
     report;
3.   Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
     information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
     financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
     a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such
          disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
          supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
          registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
          me by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused
          such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
          our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
          reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is
          reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting; and
5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
     a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
          reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
          record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other
          employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
          control over financial reporting.
Date: March 2
 2015                   By: /s/ Mike Browne
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Mike Browne
                                          Chief Financial Officer







                                                                      EXHIBIT 32
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trident Brands Incorporated
(the Company) for the year ended November 30
 2014
 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 Mike
Browne
 as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuanT to ss.906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:
     (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all
          material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
          of the Company.
Date: March 2
 2015                   By: /s/ Mike Browne
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Mike Browne
                                          Chief Executive Officer
                                          Chief Financial Officer
This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to ss. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.












 March 02













2007-11-01


2007-11-05









2007-11-06


2007-11-30












2007-11-06


2007-11-30












2007-11-06


2007-11-30












2007-11-06


2007-11-30












2008-07-23












2008-07-01


2008-07-23









2007-12-01


2008-11-30












2007-12-01


2008-11-30












2007-12-01


2008-11-30












2007-12-01


2008-11-30












2009-06-01


2009-08-31









2008-12-01


2009-11-30












2008-12-01


2009-11-30









2009-12-01


2010-11-30












2009-12-01


2010-11-30









2010-12-01


2011-11-30












2010-12-01


2011-11-30












2009-09-01


2012-08-31












2012-09-01


2012-09-30









2011-12-01


2012-11-30












2011-12-01


2012-11-30









2013-07-01


2013-07-30












2013-07-01


2013-08-01









2013-08-31


2013-11-30









2012-12-01


2013-11-30












2012-12-01


2013-11-30









2013-11-30














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05













2014-05-02


2014-05-05









2014-08-31


2014-11-30









2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30









2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30









2007-11-06


2014-11-30












2014-11-02


2014-11-30














2015-01-29














2015-02-05














2015-02-01


2015-02-05









2015-03-02









2007-11-05









2007-11-30












2007-11-05












2007-11-30












2007-11-05












2007-11-30












2007-11-05












2007-11-30









2008-11-30












2008-11-30












2008-11-30












2008-11-30









2009-11-30












2009-11-30












2009-11-30












2009-11-30









2010-11-30












2010-11-30












2010-11-30












2010-11-30









2011-11-30












2011-11-30












2011-11-30












2011-11-30









2012-11-30












2012-11-30












2012-11-30












2012-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30

































































































































































































&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Trident Brands Incorporated (f/k/a Sandfield Ventures Corp.) (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 5
 2007.&amp;#160; The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition
 exploration and development of natural resource properties.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company is now focused on consumer products. The objective is investment in and development of high growth consumer brands and ingredients businesses. The Company is now an operating company and has transitioned out of their shell status with the Super-8 filing at the end of August. Its activities to date have been limited to capital formation
 organization


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.&amp;#160; The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic Earnings (loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;ASC No. 260
 Earnings Per Share
 specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.&amp;#160; Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company has entered into an agreement with one of their co-manufacturers
 Continental Ingredients Company
 to purchase the inventory. The company is not liable to pay for the inventory until the following month that the goods are sold with the balance of the remaining inventory payable after 90 days. As of November 30
 2014
 Continental has purchased approximately $90
000 of inventory which the Company will be liable for next year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman';
 color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates and Assumptions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250 all adjustments are normal and recurring.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#160; A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.&amp;#160; Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.&amp;#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company records revenue from on-line point of sales (POS) transactions when the cash is credited to the bank. The Company is just beginning to generate sales revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. Advertising expenses for the year were approximately $2


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.&amp;#160; The Company had no significant operations during the period from November 5
 2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2014 and generated a net loss of $644


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On May 5
 2014
 Trident granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to Trident's 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date of issuance. Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 Trident granted 1
125
000 stock options to its president
 Michael Brown; 300
000 stock options to each of its directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott Chapman
 Mark Holcombe; 150
000 stock options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its special advisors


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property.&amp;#160; Between June 1
 2009 and August 31
 2009 and the month of September 2012 the Company paid a director $300 per month for use of office space and services.&amp;#160; Between September 1
 2009 and August 31
 2012 and August 1
 2013 and November 30
 2014 the Company paid a director $500 per month for use of office space and services.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of November 30
 2014
 there is a loan payable due to Mark Holcombe
 sole officer and director of the Company
 for $53
820 that is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The officer and director of the Company may
 in the future
 become involved in other business opportunities as they become available


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;  border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net operating tax carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;644
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income.&amp;#160; As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of November 30
 2014
 the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $644


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Transactions
 other than employees' stock issuance
 are in accordance with ASC No. 505. Thus issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received.&amp;#160; Transactions with employees' stock issuance are in accordance with ASC No. 718. These issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 or whichever is more readily determinable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On November 5
 2007
 the Company issued a total of 3
000
000 shares of common stock to Mark Holcombe for cash in the amount of $0.005 per share for a total of $15
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On July 23
 2008
 the Company issued a total of 4
000
000 shares of common stock to 27 unrelated shareholders for cash in the amount of $0.015 per share for a total of $60
000 pursuant to the Company's SB-2 registration statement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On July 30
 2013
&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;the Company effected a 4 for 1 forward split of its share capital such that every one share of common stock to the split was exchanged for four post-split shares of common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;As of November 30
 2013
 the Company had 28
000


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of November 30
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Common stock
 $ 0.001 par value: 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On January 29
 2015
 Trident Brands Incorporated entered into a securities purchase agreement with a non-US institutional investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
 convertible into shares of the company's common stock. The Company received the funds from the transaction on February 5
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The convertible debentures provide for repayment in four quarterly payments of interest commencing on April 29
 2015
 and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up to 3
239
437 shares. The debentures bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable in cash each quarter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.&amp;#160; The Company has elected a November 30


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;ASC No. 260
 Earnings Per Share
 specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#160; A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.&amp;#160; Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. Advertising expenses for the year were approximately $2


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of November 30
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net operating tax carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;644
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(225
728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom
 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1337px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 136px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 4px; border-bottom-style: double; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;

















































&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On May 1
 2014
 the Company obtained a short term loan of $200
000 from Rene Arseneault. On July 21
 2014
 the Company obtained another short term loan of $100
000 from 1169822 Ontario Limited. Both loans bear interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principle amount of the loans outstanding. Unless paid earlier
 the loans and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on April 30
 2015 and June 21
 2015 respectively. As of November 30
 2014
 both short term loans are still outstanding. The accrued interest expense is $12
215 ($9
333 and $2


&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On December 23
 2013
 the Company entered into a Deed of Assignment Agreement with Everlast World's Boxing Headquarters Corporation
 International Brand Management Limited
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated and Manchester Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and Manchester Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
 a New York corporation
 has assigned its interest in the trade mark license to the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the assignment agreement
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
 assigns all of its rights
 title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license to the Company effective December 23
 2013 and the Company will assume all of the obligations of Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated under the license agreement. The Company shall remain responsible to Everlast and International Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary
 Sports Nutrition Products Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Everlast Licence Agreement includes a clause stating that Manchester Capital Incorporated will guarantee that the Licensee shall perform all of its obligations and duties under the Licence Agreement. If the Licensee defaults in the payment when due of any amount it is obliged to pay to Licensor under the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: #ffffff; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Licence Agreement
 or arising from its termination








&lt;div style=font: /normal 'times new roman'; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; background-color: -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The Company has entered into an agreement with one of their co-manufacturers
 Continental Ingredients Company
 to purchase the inventory. The company is not liable to pay for the inventory until the following month that the goods are sold with the balance of the remaining inventory payable after 90 days. As of November 30
 2014
 Continental has purchased approximately $90







	
	



	
	
	


















 March 02









































































































































































































































































 March 02
















































 March 02





















































































































































































































































 March 02




































































 at Carrying Value








































 Related Parties
























 Value


 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2014 and November 30




































 Shares






 Shares













































































































































 Stock Issued
 Value




 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30




 Stock Issued
 Shares




 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30




 Equity Issuance
































































































































































































































































































































































 Options
 Grants in Period










 Options
 Grants in Period













































































































































































 Convertible





 Converted Instrument





 Interest Rate















 March 02



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#Z2U=:XP$``)\5```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
F-%NVC`4AN\K[1TBWT[$


6%?OS^&LP847*RAEEO8.*K2&QF]FGJ^GC.D`J
RN`MH<2=_9I4-R%]


M%;-**F:55

.J)BUA$5LX[^EUDS
MUD_`^]^/GT4_YD3_D?+:0KKP-\MFZ*GD6D4P#SEB47=Q@']GG^#0RNK;&ANK
MQ_;NZQ?*S1[J
^0==
MW6G`'

$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(
M!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ
(!``$%```&@`(`7AL



T-P2YN9@33DR'(;=B4?&_
5K_:L[E




4J
1$X


).42*54.\TD'OZHH0M;*@'T)EM&M6E@#]5D-E-X5CEEA5
+CA-
MFKM1DH.2G$^3Z(Q5L#$Y5V+!BAII#)%&RQ8_.%%

M=_LE=-+]G
E77E

R].GVD*2HGG

M;Q*3/CX7#H=3%9HU@]/'N#YWC\$U^YVIEES8DA2&LU(#%X^-



MV&KW




HH.8]0$^-
M#KK[A74]0DUO*:)G(6/9T,Y.Q/[L)C!8Y(0Z=/;P\!)J07F%8@(4Y#VC;)

]1<D/%*GF6W:2[(T
ML0JP+$_974B6,'_E:+U_!@DPD45H!Q(+3UL'E*1\&M(]#4DO@M!$OU')`HP

;4L:@2S+$9*':LAF+VP5X7]
MQ,TM31FI&$X/Z:?B@P`..*EBQGS+MD@%0P)Q?$:/,(RP?=^FSAQCB.NZWE!(
M+%58L+UB_-+&C;T6.\O]/P-6&?JW:M




$308OSF0V%FSLV!@3PK6H!<R(@^BHZ_B0:BR


M









S%,3^PQ)C)&Q.^;8:FGTEDS@*;MF6^]
M=`',;V<*7CLC0<7%)H9@K7@_M

+3Z(MK6$ZXT?

)
+3M+




.A
MR'@BLG/%:T4F+2]3!?SR5#3RZE9E8^RJM'TY-U\R435@L2_*0KUWIJY39:MO

MC?O$5@F;N?YVW27H1\$O4OOMR).X_-86^1]%S2';



Y

M`E

#/D(
NU3$);JR)%C#08)&.1T.QC69-

'T%!\?^5
M$FDT%#N0:`$#!=^[6B?Y?`6BV
Z*74JDT5`H0!
(+^.[VDJT.PRTY2-H*+;1
MIM:$D49#ZP-!5UR!%UC-+]%N





A+I/'8DT34F
M#[;5\3S4A
'^D_[)M$Y-#?





I-L-C.[SR64

MQ7&M__H9/LUUC0M2)1C!5WK'Y3KWS9__K&ZL.J5GR@5&B@4?*V?AB7AL'C



MBV

C207I9L#Z5IJSA.%[T=!GP
M!!@(

A

MBL\&7^Z&_5T7GXW:7=PNY?#8^_7XNEU*

'D#0G

M-!0&$7


;`ROSN(*WY='C


M


1TG62Z]8_A^*B`J%00(5!%Y5$!)-ID$T7UA$\7!&LL7
MN(JWZY)='5@UD).?8[$&R0HBB\I\`?G4=?ZJ%2H401Y$E$V+BQW&,ZA/^_;
M()ROO7?P-%&:9]3`WSO-HM9X,)]Z4C1^TF9;;[E%F*16]@N)O.
'X1+.8\I






M;1!_D.Q/5*M$2%J#LOHK!+!
M`F].U%%S\FVG'P6DT'!`BO3SGQ)U&QO^%)#DJ$@*9$AIZ']2$L1-;T-U:)
ML+%-U]NVCF)1:&!1MZLH:G?UT:+2\-2_G$

M797(D'
4CD(3CIK&J4USPY'8KF3RR%B-30/&(F[:QG9VZXU)][NU.4#ALL+K



M971S+W-H965T




7E8)^%5:


MM='*EL;Z_W

Y5
O;U//1V'F#%

MG3#0*?.:(C
EUU[40$M7G[*L&?64E0FL36!C`EL3V)G`7@'P;/;G^5X3B0.&







`
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#(S+GAM;(Q576^;
!1]G[3_8/F]&
A7$X54S:INE59IFO;Q[)@+6
$8

[_:J)ELP5NHFHTD44P*-T+ELRHS^_/%X


MJPL7(1T+A5YZGK(I0Z;%/)?HP
=.#!09O4]FRPEEBWF7SR\).WOR3&RE=Y^-
MS+_*!C!L7:_`NMUQ[ZE/M7.)E=S'[L%N;(3D4?%.[[WKW!619.5SM$1KR
MOF;YRP-8@8$B392./)/0-1:`5Z*D[PP,A.^[^T[FKLKH8!R-)O$@03A9@76/
MTE-2(C;6:?4[@)(#52!)#R1X/Y`DXVB8CB:W5[P4%%G\($[OI@;O2/8-*AI
M6^Y;

XESDZ?U_.3\*$3DRD


&%UNXX\&=7_TM9_`$``/__`P!0
M2P
$%``&``@````A`






%@!VC8W`


P+GAM;)2878^J2!&[S?9_TX'Z'QFZ@GHWR=
M9#?9;/;CFL%6R8@88


ME0$1+N7:/%75U;6L




(*
09N1
1:0D/\



MQ56\617YS8#[$6:SO



M_G2D``N2U64
5K::L?Z[JTV
$(O$M%&W+5`

08!!B$E`LP-%3K4C
MJL$8]J'':UP,6INP!+HEQ!A:9ENI46Q)L*QK!8/]R']!F?!4Q7@TGRRU/Z+W
M\4\$&(081`K0T@!56DW#8_MK-MW%A
TJU*CV)=@)NU/;1OERU._G\'7Z'L?
M!PPP#&(%*9A6UEN%DAULU.4;782HGB%0

MYE@TO


M#901Y9Y':=FUFG;O\S#P
0@P#&(%*`Y9%FAD]JK=8].A.T#6\;D3*OA'B$


.A

M81XJ\]VX1XA/2$!(2$BD$MV7Z!J&^Y(]QD_*C]*(-+XP\1@F/B$!(2$AD4IT

*QXA
V:S7J?A;H@&';B)39




2YX;6R4

T.`

M

8WF


JJP$=B1`'J9

I_Y_OP6?&].KI$IU?ZS%OE747-H-BR3






M971S+W-H965T

M$W`25
`(TZ;]^[WVI02;=`I]2`

M/


M.XY(SZQ

7`;]DGNP('S1PG]FLE;\+`S

MYYT7;9QG

M/?'@AC8QL$R?6(*W-E#U$_NN


M\&D47




M0]SP26;CY$(BF*2:&-2]AVF\RDBOF_(C35$Z[#*T`W:E8^DW%`4\.&?8?Y









MCVOC.(G5.(YL4]I_OV


MLH.W'YS92\&T







`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!*I&[RJQT`

.%NI%$A`$L8@P
7%LK;R(^^0%YAGF4?)D^3[




$9M


M`]()FZ2+

(AYJ#H@6A47XJZAYV`:
MTRGC`AJ&*EOKGQVB:@/##L



\Z*C\6LG:8UAF_/(=D]69=[*


M$\2GD=\1;9OH
4PJ0U?C.MX<'M)XIFPAG-`<;&DM&1.@*
M0+1-2Y%TL![;LDCTQJ`!DJ?00AP-*PL0^SDF^YYYG]TJ:G+[9C^^C=8QF2L
M!N
+=3&:#F^O;N3?DTOU^MWT:CR:3NT])^F]%X=_EU)6$;^+)%&JY8VJK)


DU=S.6P#=TE!(1P6?5Q&))P^9P#:!
<*Z;UP.JT\#/P33
M
S4WZ@!*UUAC2`

07N9%$2.0'A3_[2&@AJ



MSPQZ(X0HRO3=V_?#FX_*)C[].K-^.KR:C@8SQ`GAY-W8_'_-Y/KJR'00EO+
M3+`BFV\2-!^@B;L,OJ\-_NN?2;A`K+%^N$U60_F!WQ@G#\.AI@CH`]FG-!\@
M^%!1I;$B;8Z`SK%R&0`I%J_L:;`=1[3-FKH91#`8[.MUXSTT4?0.(?5&NL8



50[95X@R



M:'35T6MN6IDFW8)`ISE_?7N>*8\WKL#X*S.NPA=3]FQ&HA%6=A5[^7ZX


M\
`

M?

W98KW

MAJLY^;I


8D08JK7#2=-[

MO/H^33*\




N5CTE'_4[JE1`@EW&T
O

#G:U

M9^N&

_




M7:N\!)F.
Q.3A6#$RZ$8)7:346LA`A*2@
TJ6:8^X5&V`L$JP5ZN#*2#SS
M&)

M7I/
0:'4RQ`B$54!B,A1]1B/`21H#Q[[EC8KX/;6V`_4X&)S=$@1WGB?D:


\23`;C_*041!X7)4^85!*5@JHRTY7S8+.&
M2K-,8I-!)&Z(@*./9WH*1!U`VA/BW+]R=3.X'.0+L*L`NON6
@SJ`&/TFFT




^`S
M
AEO[ZBW*%B](


G

FC3DO8!J@`;I4#$RMC?!]B`!

A6#0@W).G

M=12+
JCKPHL6YC4!_
[;*X2SG


JWY(X%246Y]S7W#V%
MT=9#DP`!)



M#/LBN5GQ%9GU-0\T@*5A+;2D3+$ZG`+7M3D]#]%=\M;
*8@4]/C?0.[I)0

?D/4Y=:2*HIGQ:GH`G-R3G)&XWC1)$



5M8@\

M#Y!1
]RA%7TEG296FZ






MZ)F4)1)O*A`O]20!FD'XX9'1MUYF&%EAT]B%W]!N"*247&O;ZD`:QM;T.



MT?KC

G9$&!T

@L
MMM6JKW$8$T9[4B2-LS3E!P?&B*LC=CW[B&I#8B)/7LI




X'\'#4*?$@B?3;Z

/K[EI:G]7TI1




9W8@21KV[1E7'V913*+:F#'C'[8+%D[3V-$


MT*[R
-






MD;I]JS8-JH%CN]BUMZTE[U:!]EJDQ*B#&^49OWNT^\N6-3'M&@I'J4MJ*:10


M3)S%CH
$R`8!+5$V

25X%E&L'L
M^N-3&


@]N;110R17HP$UGK





@2:O
@;G]FJ^

VML?IS)HDE\?5EBU8AUZF
4S[&]E.^9='I8(Z;7;F]\=Y%@

C!MN9












&;W#1




M+\CFH5.8=6#0.F4CQQ^=EZL#@]8IC)Q4:?ZD`O
Q7*X+#\FYE(9N%8A/7OC%

HHCQ
.GW[?P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!,```!X;]T:&5M92]T:&5M



0^']

M`=V(5=:JU68EPC3V4(PC('M[


[6<G@%@WP=-K2Q%FO7^1JV3
MT2R`[.


MOEP:TKR0]`5-5-O[


?+2UG



J
M6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C
1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0.QB
];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4F

ZT&:-U

MN0G'?LT:SCN8D;&VN_51YA;CA8MTD0SQF*0^TGHO^ZAFG)3%RI(B6@\;#/KL



M!Q(AU0Z6H0T-
Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

MHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_



MS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-
M




BYX;6R45MMNHS`0?5]I


Z:76K_^GE_M;`MJ4B3DXHW-+5?J;2OUY\_





M@M8#Y;(EV
3$,R*_A_$'
MS$0,V#06TUMV7A0N2FV(\I9]$@S\6J?&1(/PS6A@HB:*C@?&<'0MI/(H1%9
M8T:11P.3R-`:X]S/1T:PF7-D1-:8460]
---%'KX&Y9
I
PND8)@4TH\\&K[




`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`N30AS\@
``



7'@
?58=3745[^^$MSYQ74:E4%CN737W7$44DX[0X



E7
=K


HOYOTSP&F

N.;[;26O#JQ6D*U*CFN?;2!P:XYY%&O7[]PFS#((T;9N=!F8(2DKWN
M_:WWD6)&N)@/BT!.L384M@74&<50B6=17^NFRM$(11)81E1W

M$C-+](2`/5TA:-4




M!O[:LW8SW^RR[078%I?\)+[PZI06RLE$`K?ZTQ4LBLILK
V!EF6]LSQ*#1OB
M^NL9?C4)V)#Y4X`3*75[@`+M[[#]#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A``6)
`H6$+]\SY)?4\5IQ)G;
1O9`&?CG2MLXY/+8G

M_+`SPLW#$:S.(XF

J6(![%TW'HPTM?)8D48R*)!KY

M.1:.GP*OMD-FT1GT7_Z`

MC8Y`UY%V:P
[&\@


9(-L!LAL@F8GT

M(.U6)A%_BD0]::#AF;3O])JZ8$T.`ZT-B01VO3[UA(QA$C`$*!4)Z%6!6[



MFIY06/AG0E\K$R3I*U5(WU:KP6QDD&FK0F3O%[6C$.EA$
33P/9010P]]&$!

M*E@LW;)W^_?VNE%1IH4:
CQ44'B'
AWUP#7LKD_2?\TUV:+EO5B4S!H;%&Q2
MRS5K

6SQ@^*!_'K


;*=IOWW
MN\:$A=*EZ0O@R_$Y]UQ?+JN;)UFA1ZZ-4'6*HR#$B-=
9:(N4OSKY_W5`B-C

M4A?$-)K3K-TD*Q*'X3615-38

MV25TDNK=OKEB2C9`L165L
\M*4:2)0]%K33=5N#[*9I2=N1N%R-Z*9A61N4V

EMU&(R7K5%NBWX`=S\HQ





US[Y.%KTO%[98Z9MOYSZF;Y'R(&AY.#B1.EE
M*3O0
)UEG\Z@FM!&EU?3@5OUOIP^

_]I].50];P9!QY*

R[D9L)@
_SM[N&`L?0T




MM9R9G=W5_&ZO:K(%8Z5N




MB+6LI3MTH)0HD3Z6C39\76/=^WC
18_='2[@E11&6UVX.%8$'I9\XS-&(M

MQ]R'\#*[N+WJ&O##D!P*OJG=3[W[!K*L''9[@@7YNM+\\`!6H*$($R43CR1T


M`/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+?ZU[A]!```C1


3+1.^8&=:P3\'5I=)`S_KH\?/-4TRL:@LO-#W5UZ9Y)4K$;;U%`QV
M..0I?6+II:15(T%J6B0-Y
]/^9EW:&4Z!:Y






M)3GV$*$?%`$P2@FG=8,E#;0KCM%:V=\&*$UJ7R(I47@-8QZ)QIZ:QMFD9:


:FN6%DJS-`P1:`UF93
M62H@O-6F=R:U-;=#73E9PEDJ(+RU:%(81GB




+1!@

M6C#I`DW


)A@Q&NF
E$7*?[]Z_[J&B-C:9W1

\Q9LPN;W&9+UJ_?DC^-[TWI$IU?ZK%MEW47
P



MX9Q?@/&/J_#.%R19W#'3W'@//$Z9#$%#320(9?4GG[3EF=F7V=GEI-SZ

MV


MOI+%

ME4%
4P1Y2%V=&^EOKX'G)@&`<Z7L<0&)2??S6?\#``#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!QUNP6/@0``


P$G006
L-.T
M_W['#`';R9+T]J%M[./AS)F9$[SZ]E$6SCMK1
ZKM4LFONNP*N597AW6[M]_
MO3[-74?(I
J2@E=L[7XRX7[;_/S3ZLR;-W%D3#H0H1)K]RAEO?0\D1Y9F8@)


MYWU#2+#RWD'2M
-L;V!

6'/.M86#`:AR6#\R0J\
M=B&]/G5(NO)B)FV17N*_`4XBXF(3404AJ0'&-2@D[\NCCIDBS/MXZ,XB-'$
MT18,!E.3P;@XFR+

M5%_2@)KRF(=,(WF0[4-?NI[R9KZ^WVL#MG\+$&VB.D$_SPJM]B`Q'.Y]%0


*[/'K
-A.86#O
MQ^9^&




HFU[MZQ[VX%&YW$<8S*T[/T.0[1UPS$RYVV%$'C#$<QR!!O

@
MQ(C73.6BWJ?X]Z^[JVN

M$D(

M\GZ
II1UW.WD!;T43NCAL`'?%7^:\)$L3.M5+B`#9SO2O$CQ;91D
TS6


MH;(_U?$+%_O20K5GD)#+*\F?



]E;TMO^





:0A
-$)2DIV?^?NW8X*IR.H1Y:;J+XZ*.
MZ[A.2/KQP_?C8?*MJ)NR.JVF;.Y-)\5I4VW+T\MJ^L_?GV;)=-*T^6F;'ZI3
ML9K^*)KIAZ=??WE\J^JOS;XHVHG

Z_.Q4F^LZOJ

MY*VLO]F7Y^:2[;@9D^Z8UU]?S[--=3S+%
_EH6Q_=$FGD^/FX?/+J:KSYX/D




RS=R/5*9-=9`%


!3@
!%)\D30



&X`=.MNC%A#
86E3D1

M=`S&EI
Y$6XBFM;



MG%HW

MN!
1



M=R(1GARL7`^;RA'(7&RG%D'V@
+)!&N
'H_9]%41C2D3B$P`2(M]X@H#T5



M?5]]$:#W2
`
LS@
4_=(($@4I^E[WW[EDVJDIAL

MJ


A'VIY
]A;_^=\33_P```/__`P!02P
$









V(9]PAUXX?P5H3^V:(+%WF#UL]R!
MOQIGRW;IL6C_YJ?O+-\?6MCN&KPI+MQQ

A3OF1J3VF;



G$:]'`K!-I51UW-JTS2(4-D#


6M(!HE_F2JZP(6C)H/9VND

)6BYQ-E-/8%$Y+`E0_\!5.


_I@

(J3V4#2!N[0G

M1$62.@UN(74H
Z432*-$H/11.P5.<*J4.Q91IA%1+6)#4F^Z(
MP&A
UXW:1#G]Y-X-[A(4B;8/7]S=J)I3+3N4TPY%.`TMW;G


M6`

QNSSY

M:;OR8W@S'UWS`-'5_&P6P?!;IWOV9]KL\THX!=L!#U.I?8T:G]5#RVL@%T9@
MWL+8*_\]P


M?I-J6!K'4Z:X;&E@R
PE'+HLI85%CL%K0LD!AKN,'];R\X^L2EQ9WB9KOK

MPVX8
LUGA40'ONS$0)G319(MIY3-9WU]?DLXV)-O8FM]^&)D\4VV@
7&8_('





M970Q


C4E):6V;4&IX*6IF?-6*!M[D
M2M?

M;

/^S:*Z[J%BBVLI+VN2







M!IT=[8:O6UC50NXP/Y6%F=D]EO3%#`?`CS*7E[7(`R[7^[Z[\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#$Y+GAM;)15VVZC
!!]7VG_`?F]&
BM02%5NE5W*VVEU6HOSXXQ8!5C

Q^?
&8^'U=63JH-'8:S434;B







M:&5E='





M


ON*9XG9!/&]V%$Z'IE



I%SFU@L-XT.EH91KZ^/U=
M5L!U8X4N





M]$H*HZVN7(1T+1ZZGG.Y@R9EHM2H@-?=F*@*N@JR6]FET70WW^2-C9@V]B

MM*=HR/O*R^=;L`(+BC11.O5


'!!\3DFG\:OO$$Y8+*A80[]




BYX;6R45%UOFS`4?9^T_V#YO1AH
M(T*J=)5W29MTC3MX]DQ%[*
;*=IOWWN\8)39IJ2E\`F^-S[KD?7MP\J8X\

M&7I;TM:YH6#


X

MFUX;ON[0]U
RXV+//2Y.Z)441EM=NPCI6`CTU/
UNV;(M%Q4$AWXM!
#=4E7

!

`)]$2=\9F!#^

?6AW(;-@YETK=E+M\CX\%8G,/@
M\VSB#<H!,QL;YM#/[#U'HPI1Q<O:3I)Y0YT'$X^A7.436RC\[/IP:/ZE
ZP

D#R_-7;L((A@Y58!KX!%UGB=`;/UXI

#1HYC
MJ1V.XOC9XM4+V'9QA.'76KO]`H79=)DO_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A












6'3X2$A7
M0$;!S228


E].0.QE9&(J%\!0+@\5D-9_/%JLEO'YD

I7CI-;B`7P%`N68]P\S#`7+
@<%!6L@EB0FD)I`I
M@,8!RD_E<+]YI`+,&-I$4VAQQ8+&][X/



)_VGF8$YT((@H1!!0B(1X\K-
M)K60#)$[4;

MWT3


3=EW9G[&$(--*%+


']K8V'EB%+`#$4-,?;22E44?06JH@*9E.2
M91RTF?!E'L[MG1AV7$Z0OM!8?%0AC??A!70[?ZR]Q'25!20JB)X0W*Y
([

MMG$8OY]XN@P_






+@5O5
M=`+5=*2TEQ_@Q=[P4\[N;P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
-UV4OP`@``

W5\_'VX6KB
5:7-2\Y:F[BN5[NWZXX?5




1TG6PG%6_^F*RP



YI\?%RP#7

+5
M/LFJ;!$
E5G&`N-X8S%9LP_.FLBEOKD-:_;`Q(O?%8@+;8H^`BN/DA?A=36Q
M3?OV@&*R3=5']$ZR7

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````G%91;]HP$'Z?M/^`\MZ&
MMM


ME\LT%GT9KY]%


^!#87?)


M[$

G?
M9DHX&GIA\
NC`0Z9%_99'Q$_J;5'IO#SR83+YHS/&`D&(;!(/]D#+/]_$L
MI$:7/GH``G(9M&.

29&8(3&


5P
M_P(``/__`P!02P


MP:


#

6H$?US_+*^?QQ'394Y[$H`8H?]



O=V]R:V)O;VLN








M`!D`````````````````AR




M



YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````
M`$`Y))__7P``\!@``&0````````````````!H


Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`7&['YV`
``!@.```8````







MJ=\4!P

M971S+W-H965T



YX;6Q02P$


M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`&M;E=YX``#!!@``&`````````````````#@



M970W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#47D^-U`(``'
'```8````````````



3

M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'RJ?7V@`@``UP8``!D`````````````````VIT`

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!S8LKV?`(```\&```9````````````

`
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}








begin 644 0001165527-15-000097-xbrl.zip


?L-ZJ



MU!V*&D]
ZCH

*WFZ



M



M95=IOZLOO[PHD)-[T=_-'IA0)?@N:E#7QX)

I
_U:2Z_T`Q6.$N=

MPT\N;;!G0



M*L+UF[Q3@U;7]
7;B]1T7(9:M7D!VGS)
\A6CS-X6*%)6I[A].N)X
@Q
39U

!2L
CHEP0A`;3'A5T2LPYJ;KK:
Y;^
M-ECPUAA3;!P)6O;(HTZ`\VYJ#%&N^;@N1HUI5E3M.T]E_]AKOF2FV24'=E
MDJ_0).?M6IEDZ4QRR$C53[Y*HURT;&66NS?+Z
U*EXQP65ME@D4VP34[L^9J



3


2!R%)='
M77K

`NMKHQ269`)#

^_
FN(:-:V;562C-&]/R=VJW40^K^RF
MLIL2V8T6FCY
_PZ.RG`JPWD5AK

M=DAZ*&).N2-?
RB-NDRTL$I:O4\S'R45_CK-525E-]D5ATG5MX8B?FLHJDE5


MQS*%


3PG!5V$1S]45QO/%
ML3S;Q6QR2BWT@)R[@1Q+-4Q`S%=TJY@:VO!+


1I-14\@1X]S






MP-B;G=


*GTUO=O:E=83DEMOM=3VBZ!_(I@3R'@%\1&V<B.X



(M?35-



;NSLUQMKW&^I:Y&+0M^7-6QZV9']^











MLH7OD=KWYC2L.%F%1%G3
1X_`1]M3]3B/T`1*[3@)"B0=C.%/&%-P$7_X
M`;_!/



H-(#6




A0
6BV'_



M3V\'OF^+Z&J(TBH]Z^TQ%U-^DWP-\-.9@W:\TOI8IE.S/I#$.*T9-IN$AT:+



M0.L/++!SXSM71R=UE/&Z![J\[T1O4D4D=8\X-0)/#'2GJL@H[Q7/9&;F.J-9







A#(@P`&J8JPW-_B'PD
Z#

MPLM01DA
EY&FR%-&&.P7W0PO`I]!GA8`F:L22


]Q4A$P`E)

M$^-D

;%8(MH;=3.Y;C;3LB.1QBO&J_HA4&AN

.&XZV.+G/O_5^(C(VR+]5Q$18$

M!='D3CFZTQ[Y/LE3TO[ORL*MEZV[]KEQT[J]^]NX`TN@VSI;MPVPKX37ZG[;

MV?U6%`4$\

MFI3=C_&6?`5V

X_K&KHQWCS%[
M)+N@CQ4'$.=*9)&'L35




M_7H@7BU:C


M[T4[XVUNOQ?N_?5N\ZWLZ(6[;Z7UV`/2S^4F
8NG\=+&+BJ^?QS7Z&VTPC9*

ZD[&LT-R+V-L4'1;)P)^GZ
MTRIDU:;I'$K^%FN=P%$BC9*MR]%7XU9YK-RK&IK;T?U=K[<Q;?21M^VO#[
MT0R_UYN4@S^B^??O?^7H^V;W#<5&$_;2YNWEW:$+ELW08Y^
!

MHNS+

]3EF


G.+`%^)2+Y/N.R]O-T4Z`(.DDYS^7_JP






M
1XD+8Q=E

%`IY


M$/`O!:;!ZJ;`RGH^9QRDF/MM@MS7QL#N;SIA##1RQL7CUTP`;`$6?M/77!,
M2\MNI'
BS$?QSPE+=W

-`_POSMT
.
M`_#30FZP0<!%P@V='#!N?S2I<]$Q%@'L.)HC?3H%[:+`WP;+M]*4M*I`0

MKB([T/*AN

]1$D;307




I+U
UYC0O
;



(+3!K5`OHC(7#

2KV\80


M!9&U?-3R\1GDHXB8I6@@A9$U/`?S/:0%2C^2B_((`60HLRQ.+EH65DM.[$$H
^[%<@(7^)A@J0
MBR(^(O(00
JAT;(BC$P=6*7BK?'KBW!49(3'3]4R'1H7)1?SS2;-5)MS,9]
MG85$)6?@J`+,CPB6S$K+:YC
H3:*M]Q!S95/F+)#%@S_M(5C=8OS[WKY&:+

Q?A3
M2?G83-Z3D


+BF^1AZ5Q5L02#XX`H@@(WBZ'@E$XC6D3
M$$.E9#I)D4&X$V2!BFLNQ)\B^`FMN.Q!M!&0_2J1+A(#DGO

MKJA4ENV%BTLM)9][TZFBBBS(Q%U#'`N6;40A^E)P2D/9HUFP+S$;R7-[X&A1
E`[,SNNK+E]&\)(X]_9RQ:7(QC
X








7/G0@M


M\_B=2M&RL:@#OO1!H=^(@A!;'&J#/
ELK`7#R*$F^F'4Z?_F^W;8]0EH=7:$




!Y83\ABJ+[P_EO_Z)E0\@;#'BTE$



*)
DP_&!FNSZB*RBNS5JL`K03T
M_RWWN$%1+XYAKT

0TH=V(@;PT+IT1

=8J\8S6C`


!IZ-





L/7/OG$%33=T3W

4#T4^H&!?8A4=_P`)^#%7F7E;:6.JQA=K%X6&M=Q


AI

O

U7%!
&=\!'X(J0Q0K].&AXPTQ268Y#+1+323%8
M9LD:D/[(`8K*H6+OV5HL6







R\4Q'#M;G/H5&#)FM34.JK,9H?7J%9L\R0_^(+OFM)N3
MO^@@Q.D[F&ID#6%E<M,+N74X\._?GEW\`99=#7HWZZ<UL)^G/TZ:_F`R$Y_
MVM#9]S&PLB/'8-@@SSVTM'\]2''72B9Q\($B(453$=W/M/XA&58ZB+=%
QZ+
`6?2\=`/(9#!Y3K[7&Z!H*IO<`
?*JB[8`
=5\S$;X'$@

LY[:(WA(NN(E^N
M

QHV$'*[7JXU:.CGYRY
4\6-6
M3ZO

M4$L#!!0````(`(2`8D;Y!1USHP8``I*```5`!P`=&1N=TR
#$T
3$S
%]C


2(3!Z2

U61(I=)OOFDV3QI:^]5G
M1+1W@S&`K'FZG6_]SA]C!1U.Z_IA?4VNKOL,$`EBDCC753VL]0UW$F@(X;)W
MW411HPF7+%AKAVCT&%]W(FTF@6B(Q&V4RS\$4*3NG:N#D2*Y9/$7;_13.%Z




MUMIS%D6



@?MUNYWJRPJ[J]N?6*BWA?.!.BQ]D0

M*`9J9EMWR.N2KE.0\:QXJ?*KQS]=)N@H/1ZP382L;+4A7^
-0B2@78+5U(SH
M'L-=+L39@YI-_]S+II0/ATBQ[@-@XRHH?`0=8_]]*B+YLZFKOU`HC3+&0
MVN`II+[9@FZ!YB$P5.C]+BNWV1V??O+SO%?H(T=`%'2(V7
OXC#F

MSLJXC*;!HQ3O]T9TEU``M0,[*OL#Y'B4&6=YF&`D]32OYQAY*.KK2!D
5D

CB3
MP*S6CAPOU9=RR!`R2M:ZW/;+
IU*YIBYQPZ[.7+0MZXO9N5/7&XEW^`X?[
MQBLN82HN==]J1DVQLOCS_)N`L$/_C




_]

M9C13!


M3Y\^#;*_

@4\R00R=RW@'2.:0H@!$R?Y2[_#;5X=TL0!D=3M]
M0+.837L!B.EI$.`TIFRBO,,1A!
QA]-OCZ&8\^LI^/.3<U1))BF22LD=

M`P'W!8#&-%D\TUFG?Z1MW;^OEM_[;]*Q=2E^QCLJDE`A




'KPE)9`&


I07.76LM/5:__C]0(2?@/#


M--PQ31563Z4.8)VWT#W!%C#Q/9M+BM;1EFB\@?O8.MPWD#(CX`6\PHDJ6%:@


MR[[RK^`

TECV+DE+`1EM;D%B

M2LA7U$P%0[Z9^
Z$




0+I=*O8RKQ

M'=N[-P5)^GG6D5E?9^/!;:P_*E2!B^\=69RG2GVAD@


M%-*W=-#!-6=1JKL[NZ1+(GY#=)Y=S
+STW.T'&/-IJB:G-HZ#&'L?
K!
013
MKY\S$ZM-E!WQ=]N'VSWO^([`)
M::*?8'4J[9U?J]#1)[JRL5GM9LPO.)KP&


C-+!(G!Q0U%4M]K)R+8
M];@OTDMS`FZ?+G&/61WT'R6S,+RVTRDM/[09EIH6XA4VQC]X_-V_W?_.C@






M4JY7J?JP@KB`Y6?`*L(EUT&S!Z.E-S'4#W;O?1ZB]+Z&:MFO*]+(
Q$E]NHG







K8#H
K[&T
D'LA

W216[IV

=/D%#$!@$NK
G%P65Z
MN]NXY9U!%OF6J.`

WS39SD_K@#5GU-;[1FVB6TT[=W99%%OF]EFL
M!YI=%

M```(`(2`8D8@:SG:C```*:U`@`5`!P`=&1N=TR
#$T
3$S

M550)``-'T/141]#T5'5XP`!!4.```$.0$``-U]?7/;MI;W_SNSWP%/=N=I
M.V


+\Y
M__'9?_[\K__RE_]S?O[W=]
QN(Z]W09%&;C%;98!\L%CD*W!\!_G0S_(X@1\
M9+S`Y7/


1&D&(^]`1=CPZ[?OGW[@OX5-TV#GU)*
M/XX]F-%A4O8+%N0?YT7S<[)K\XO7YZ_NGS^)?6?D3%(XA!-T1+0S_^4/6W1
M7Y^EP68;DF[3WZT3M.3W(4R2%X3^1816
$
^X?^6\+]\0_C_6_[K
5R@\!D@
M+3]
1T(X;X]X
:(7/X

Q@V






M)2JO5_AKJSCA1=`*K3DFMV^1JG`$]H@V`T4[!ZT1=UHT;1%O3DXK1+^A
/PU

MTHDC\WBSB:-9%GM_S-80\!DEY&]*[)`,#=;4F[VK9@KAVIU2`DIT!1@A*
ME`Z:.9U9U;1Z&E-Z6@F]WRWP+L)8ZA
K/.)[!F[XZX+Q(LU`K250R:-
^P*
M
U8?\U
)1I%TGV.V)D;JB
ZF.:H`$&ZED+\[95YX(Z\T))QA/[5D[#?F=9=O
M?$(;ID

MWP%IX)0]X8Z^TJ#PAO[4%N601KC!O]'*78M(;5J5.@RA72EGA&ACIRR+8#Z4




.==F+3C*EMYZ$+

0






MVB(EQTS/
5*/T3GG#/7%5V_+35=V^U/0:_2`PGA+[I[.

M`6



4^(RB;22KL


WILU,]`7$G<I\/F
^%GW;N5'D
MQ1NT+RO;]*29B(WMV$$

MU)\NO$_B-+U/XF6@?=.O3&++ZA]WNRHN]*^`_=F!W:[FG;5FWCEB(37K=9GH
MLQQKO$1I2D_MW2!N%-5WQJ];8/.`50O97IH`D@;IPQZ%PL6W616&F9=8%



M:KBUF(-1T$-!QS1%A6^G_$ES@.R
T.KH9.9'&=6TR\M7
M%U3/R&\^W\+D#Y0%T6J&0MQZA;_T&TS0.MZE^%_%&*O\C@FKOEV1&<R:72\(
M04X),DHT0KEL%=/U1'(LSU*IG*]X/3S1Q&IJSDMT/DZ2`$*688Z05O<7?(4
M!=CL9_D
I/D($*OZ6




J!UIR05-;V*8A(YZ_.`3(;P








M
-ROL])K_(-9V*;%R]Y#R5I`J^*W;U^JTWX3A-10XG^#3VSVW%EJFTRHXA%?

+A8#O(X8*2I!=)


AR]B^!]$?@OKRL+H,'D89?8CW+,_^,@YG[77XL4[<M


M+?)(\870O6)XQK9&_V5Y`T-CW;:6'T\4&U?!]J`V1WM;L@:@FYO3XQ=$+=G3

ME?*R'8(J@)J8R7R)5?`Z.QRH!XR?4_&8(7^_2@9':SV)US]LU%TB0$TI#M


MO@$.'W&NN2IANQJ,/L%W(PGO\W`S71RR;WP^E@/KI[#P97\]''T7PTG#GC
MW+K5
GFYB2Y5K
_CPO]OEV;T5
$\GB(RR$&(CJZISV--8$T=[$GZ8-LQGVA@

ZZ$8
M$MQ_\B?G8JQ36@&]8Y^G



L&_@-)\5/[


M2.



M=15
Z`++SR(ER$/!`[E832:17K)6074JQI#JIW&P(5/.KR6OT$\^X2O-(YPT








MZ?!J6''CT\G=Y


)5\K)Z!
MD@/4DR77+&T38(/I=(#9KII

UPC@SP38&?H'OQ@O
MP6

BI*/K8R




M\D
!5%

:PB
MM[+\D
+AE?PYO/?%FKMDJ34G2+S84
Y.IX+3;($AXV-U:2$'J=+KAG:)L&

_+\_
EE;*
MH9XY5PAA?WKU#J9!.EE62JX\L?\O4S*NK='D9LNT:X.MRB4E)*O*`^D9R^T

M2EVH)@\9.:.BW2



];A`#%
MYYA=4IGNT;G\S$H[_R*5P3XK6V!'MT-3Y



?FB!8_

`G
MRM$Y!WJ:`2$W*?QB4#(\*)!R=
;EMM0*^4&55BK1YK#\;K.!R=-D*7_`A'Q5

+G8A3$!0


B)]M+XP
/X;///N':\W5PO-



M@'.=@GBT3R4.[$/7\08&-1
B4I


$[`A'H#LNQ'NI+X#ZX







M#FZ0('$NM4E'M+;]505(+33$_P+D[Q;SZ/J#:6+:.;/0O_@(L^W\H/8RMI
MH]IYB=!83+;K#*%6^


@L



MLE.*BS]W





M^RZ5R

M\F2Z`&2^K(+.



Y]B.8)L50^)0VC+77!`*`72M.))X(J3F4S@+_8G0=7[6



Q]7QT[
M6D8$JHSD$NGL^6Q==7*_33G-DV]SI1A.BU%61X8Q+:.42F``9YF`P*&=
M0Y?`F@%PX!*8=L=E]S:/43ER4RF%N)+8!*=:*&B$SPE21/@TV0(;_!U6LN












AHY3RDCJ^Y3`5'PA





;%LT$;2JJ)7:Y:7*7





[N?5#`)2;A0A`*2MI5??P`IR2*)
M-Y*06F2E4C69*&BPGW[PT@`:C;__\W41G#QC%A$:_O*N]_[#NQ


M\$E

M\/%L4_!=5O+S:T1RI5\^;LKVSOY]=SORYGB!3DD8Q2CTWJ1$-3*YWJ=/G\[2
M_\N+1N1SE
K?4@_%J9F




M[]E7./(868K_&DXODHB$.-+J97?U$[)8H'8:C@=D5G(9Q,/\5'(\VCAZ%P
M]D`#XA&LMYQ=#0WU?



2##&KW%B\J[JU.=PWK/7




MO5R]@=BZI\PT(HM?)KK*^T]1S/A$M:DH$
#2ZB?6LI


M9WE=$?





MAFB8Q*42G@=^HE=(SCYU%ZB#+@V;/T,PM9#\A00[SJ@2+9.E9:;]#ZTEXP


M%.$XLM`_7Q#H1*&B


MUH06R@
=4JB9T3%8UKT31(K[`GS`%O\2
2K/*!#!E?WX$C&VXJO1;RA(9&YQ

M&+8C
M#A3$TBZJKSRLK$A?OAA5!T&;D^C@IMZ4N7

P:0'



M=`(YA([X
1'O!U\H]:

\@1A8=A\6B
MP'']E3F4Z.\L@@%VZ

MA3[4)%R1UO
.L=]PFHH-![STC/XSDTTI^(MF]E:?5G?K`-'/YO368U2.K4





MT&34;-/8^QV3V9P[9'VN!9KA^V3QA-EP6HH=
K%=J1[H:/3*K:`RNFWKV

!

H+'D_`N=::BHY4PN(J



MGB%XC

G3]GY&K?KG

MZ2Q


&^B=



M]1VL_V#$KBG3T&H6@K[64(43R1&W$5LG-C$VKQ\(I-K3ZK=B4+D3+5E1'3CG
M`72$/!&]

+J)E(H^1


M2.^J



T4],U1Z\2M1_*


!*
$B:31?X`@`]CP;98%SC=8A







B&0+IBJ@3KBVV;C#OV(8
M:7/E@
O]33QZLLUL'
M,%U_#<8X8^3*`;\T72!`R])6X7:/T(K&G+96WJ!YHQ^&V#AF5Z@%^@'G$GV5
MIG,5HDX,R6;,?('DHUL:X%^N]E96\@AZL:E00O0_'






.#



?K






@%@+
5U)L)E5!:GF_B@5$/8S^ZYG;*8=0M^U4R



MN
'=#=^I9$'3O26Y`'`$2KUVH(32C:CS$CSQ
$?&3!#0%Q1J+TQ82`
?`C@B

T=JUN@.\OT7._E[T%EFN75Q%4250*M9O


:\=/WX%NV._+=0#%VSGO]E)D


M%3)7OX-J@$#G
MX3M\
DCF+$EQWAK`K!.V)0L7(.62Z@@4Z`['`JSIE&7`;-
M4\#HO.[3*)0;_8TG'D-B/:807F_!R4Y7+77S
=+
(
\P4!S@MW!H$'Q(9
M!/?@S!7;^.9V`Z)*&CA8LF1@\VH0=*)$+K2N-]/XCEEY(]JSLV;%'H9`V*



F*K(9
J=I@$0$FVRM'.UDQR/B
DD5U
M5C_6!$$C[6,B`1^#PGSYBC6Y4-+\&:!&#*1FEY!C`Z$3&U6W-)S%F_0M

[\\XIWI*OMKQ!&EKP?J'LJSKD.\Q]WJ%F'`UHUC0P'Y#=T:
M

PB7_AHZ0D&9_J
*+:5
M3'K`C\0T'39
X/88%RL]CSX3.HLWD_E__#]02P
$%`````@`A(!B1B8C`JZ3




-.<:KM=0,1U,MD1(TW(V35N.LM2/2P%+N%P.BH--8DB@3\WG,I'C8!C0B
M_O&<WS93HIKM;'LV/Q85O0^N91J
3

%9$89U6;`5H8:FVT[=XE9@!(=




M%.7CZES2T2((]FG\.#Q27LNB'[8)+#NI=J1?;V+K/.[,^ZWO0F1[P#^RAJ


7\S
Q.
MC3I);1'?JI#LA;R(RXZYF91:JBJU1'U=&4D*(UN;]3ZB'6
C(S6J+B\.8/5'
MM2V

S_JCY#?P!P`_U9SM&E?(FQ--#O0$1


MU/-9!9LDE%$VTMBH*NMU04-/D2T6L?2ZL5%QJ`VV'JDR1N3EL@_/

MCKS@^M
S@F(T9I6Q8BVDKYXQN]FO56;ZC51RV=@H.-2`W?ZO
M-G
NKB.5/O

V.9S2@48DM*[4CG:A-LO7F.!26WPMSL\KDS%_?+E;4F
MK\79*#G
N



F:I)NNP*ECN]):H9

MB

_%/J2XTJ<27[&X4)FXT_<
I[OT;[W



RPW4:LD.UC#A;)#EZNIB0

MY`K9_YOZS9:VB`A3/PMIV&\G5\C^



5^H8G



4`````$@&)&(&LPIVHP``FM0(`
M%0`8```````!````I(%N3P``=&1N=TR
#$T
3$S

MT/14=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`A(!B1JN6R=+*'```7]$!
M`!4`&````````0```*2!)X```'1D;G0M
C`Q-#$Q


M```1`!@```````$```D@4=``!T9&YT+3(P
30Q
3
P+GAS9%54!0`#1]#T
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: /normal 'times new roman';

<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times


M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-F%C965E,U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC
M83EB83=A-S,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y
M83AC83EB83=A-S







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970P

M8V5?4VAE971?4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;'




#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K






M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q




O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



\+W@Z3F%M






M
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R



M970^#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y)3D-/345?5$%815-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^

M249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M7T]05$E/3E-?1&5T86EL7W1E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4D5,051%1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E-?1&5T/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$]!3E]005E!
M0DQ%7U1(25)$7U!!4E197T1E=&%I/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M+U-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T

^

^#0H@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^
M#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@(`\

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC
M83EB83=A-S







T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$T/&)R

]
T1R93X-






]


]




M9VX]







]







T1T;W`^16YT:71Y


]
M

]
T1T97AT/C$P











F$X

M+T
Z+V(V86-E964S7S8V869?-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W
R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5044%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
M
3



]





]
M





2PT




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`Q/'-P

3
Q




]



]

3



T1T;W`^

]
T1N


M86QI9VX]





]


\






G($5Q



#`L
#`P+#`P
M
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@,C@L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(X+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#`P



T1T;W`^




3



]



MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V,PW

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT









]

C`Q

]
T1P


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P




]
T1N=6UP/C(X
M+#`P

]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

C@L
#`P
M+#`P



]


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97






\+W1D/@T*

]


]







S`L
S@S/'-P

C(L






RPY



]
T1N=6UP/C



]




#@L








]
T1N=6UP/C$X
M+#`P

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0X+#`P

M86QI9VX]


]

BPP







T1T;W`^5&]T

3DR+#








]
T1T





]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]
T1N=6UP/C$R



]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]





3$P+#`P

]
T1R


C(L





]
T1R



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

C@L
#`P+#`P




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?


M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(V86-E964S7S8V869?
M-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W

#4N:'1M












M1'1H/E1O=&%L/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


#4L(#(P

]


]
T1T

]
M


]









RP@
C`P.!`(0P+C`P

M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

M8F5R(#


3(L

RPP






BPP
#`L




]
T1N=6T^*#8Y

]
M








]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#`P





]



M

RP@
C`P.!`(0P+C`P


S`L(#(P
M


38L


#`P/'-P





]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^



]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#`P


]
T1N=6T^*#(X+#4W






C@L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!.;W8N
M(#

M



M/3-$;G5M/B@U
2PQ-C

C
L.#



I(&%T
M($YO=BX@
S`L(#(P












]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#@P


M;&%N8V4@870@3F]V+B`S
P@,C`Q,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C@L





^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#`P

]





38L-S8W

]

C`Q



]

Q

]

P+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-

#`L



]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
M


]

C`Q
CPO


]
T1N
M=6T^*#4L


]


#`L
#`P





]


]





]



M=BX@
S`L(#(P
3

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0W+#`P



M*2!A=!.;W8N(#,P+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
#DL
M



S`L(#(P
30\+W1D/@T*



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8T


]
M

M(#

M
#`L



M1&YU;7`^
C@L
#`P+#`P






]



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

S`L(#(P











M
#`Q







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S`L(#(P
M
3












]















]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N



3U=3($923TT@1DE.
M04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]

]
T1P





#`L



]
T1T97AT/B9N





]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#0X



]
T1N=6UP/C(R
CQS


M





]


]

]


]



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R
M83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S




T1T97AT

M:7

]



M=BX@
S`L(#(P




]

]
T1T97AT/CQD


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@+VYO

P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@









M
#`W+B8C

@9F]R;65D('1O(&5N9V%G92!I


M;&]R.B`C
#`P









@

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&YO






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F
M7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO





24-)15







@;F5W

38P.R8C
38P.R!3

24-)15
\+V9O


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@




#`P
#`P.R!T





P
#`P

M=#H@



Q



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE<R!N97<@

[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M8VEN9SH@


M)SXF(S$V

'!T






M=&EM97

@16%R
M;FEN9W


M;&]R.B`C
#`P









@;F5W


@3F\N(#(V
#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F<Z(&YO



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

#`P
#L@=&5X








38P.SPO9&EV



M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M92UW:61T:#H@




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@


M='








[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\



'!X.R!W:&ET


#L\+V1I=CX-







L



#$T+!#;VYT:6YE;G1A;!H87
@




M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(&)O;&0@

P
M
#`P

'!X



M;&4]


M=&EM97



#`P
#`P.R!T



M:6YC:7!L97


M;W5N='


N($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET
M:!!4T,@3F\N(#(U,!A;&P@861J=7-T;65N='

T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M










#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X



'!T+VYO






M97







M='














38P



@;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@96YA8W1M96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

@;F5W(')O

M

M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#`P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P
#`[

'!X.R!L971T



T0G



#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@8F]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

#`P
#L@=&5X


T0G9F]N=#H@

P
M
#`P

'!X



M;&4]

@9F]R('1H

BPY


M8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(V86-E964S7S8V869?-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA
M.&-A.6)A-V$W





^+RH@1&\@


$5-




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M








M
38P.R8C








T0R/E1H92!#






M4&%R=%]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S








]
M





'!X.R!W:&ET92US




M3D]412`T+B8C
38P.R8C










T0R/E1H92!A8V-O;7!A;GEI





M(&1O=6)T(&%B;W5T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W


Q-C`[(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&-U









M-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\


M

S`L(#(P

M='
@06YD($]P=&EO;G



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY.3U1%(#4N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[(%=!4E)!3E13($%.1!/4%1)3TY3/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`O;F]R;6%L(=T:6UE

M
#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@








M='



@
M=F5S=&EN9R`S-B!M;VYT:'








M



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T
F$X

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T




]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4D5,051%1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E





M;F]R;6%L.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



M+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R!214Q!5$5$(%!!4E19(%1204Y304-424].4SPO9F]N

@



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R




2P@

M



2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@075G=7-T(#$L(#(P
3
@86YD($YO=F5M8F5R(#












T0R/D%S(&]F($YO=F5M8F5R
M(#


RPX



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N


M










M='5N:71I97
@87



#L@



M965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




M12`M(%1(25)$(%!!4E19/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!X




#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@


M.B`Q




M;F]R;6%L.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C9F9F9F9F.R`M=V5B:VET+71E



M(#$L(#(P




3`P+#`P


M(&EN(&9U;&P@;VX@07!R:6P@
S`L(#(P
34@86YD($IU;F4@
C$L(#(P
34@


S
@86YD


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S
O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
T1R93X-




M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.3U1%(#@N)B
Q-C`[($5615)
05-4($Q)
M0T5.0T4@04=2145-14Y4/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/@T*/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F


'!X.R!W:&ET


#L\+V1I=CX-














M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M92UW:61T:#H@


M=71R:71I;VX@4')O9'5C='

M;7!A;GD@969F96-T:79E($1E8V5M8F5R(#(S+`R,#$S(&%N9!T:&4@0V]M


@26YC;W)P;W)A=&5D('5N9&5R('1H







@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P



:6-E;F-E



M9SH@


M(S$V








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-F%C
M965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]
M
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]




M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.3U1%(#DN)B
Q-C`[($E.0T]-12!405A%

M=&EM97

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



3!P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S



M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

M;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H\

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
3



M;&4]

M:61T:#H@


T1N;W=R87`^

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97
3H@=&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^

M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@;F5W

@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9CLG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M9VX]

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O;6%N


M8V5E9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

38P

S
W





M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
G!X


M86QI9VX]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O





M93H@




3
S-W!X

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


M

3!P=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@

M9F9F9F8[)R!V86QI9VX]

M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M97














M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC
M83EB83=A-S










#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



M9VX]
T1T;W`^3D54($]015)!5$E.1R!
3U-315

'!T






M=&EM97

XF(S$V
M,#L@3D54($]015)!5$E.1R!,3U-315,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\9&EV('-T



38P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P






M5$E/3E



]

]


]





T0R/DY/5$4@
3$N)B
Q-C`[(%-43T-+(%1204Y304-424].

M=&EM97



#`P
#`P.R!T



@3F\N(#4P-2X@5&AU


M(S$V






#`P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P
#`[

'!X.R!L971T



T0G

M=&%L(&]F(#
L
#`P+#`P












T0R/D]N($IU;'D@
C
L(#(P
M

M:&%R97





#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


P
#`P

M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






3!P=#LG


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T
F$X7SDY9#A?.6$X8V$Y8F$W

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M


#$T/&)R



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-43T-+2$]

M


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@








#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M:#H@





#`P
#`P




@875T:&]R:7IE9#L@
C@L
#`P+#`P


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-F%C965E,U\V-F%F7S0R83A?
M.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R

T0G=&5X




M


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4U54T51545.5!%5D5.5%

'!T






M=&EM97

RXF(S$V
M
#L@4U54T51545.5!%5D5.5%

M
#`P




M8VEN9SH@



@;F5W(')O;6%N

C`Q-2P@5')I9&5N

@26YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A('-E8W5R:71I
M97

@:6YS=&ET=71I




M;&4@:6YT;R!S:&%R97





P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@



M)B




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@9&5B






'!X.R!W:&ET


#L\+V1I=CX-





T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@=&\@=7-E('1H92!N





M87)T7V(V86-E964S7S8V869?-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W
PT*0V]N





]

M

]

C`Q

]

]


]






[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R


#L@5&AE($-O;7!A



]





P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@










Q-C`[)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N)SL@



M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P




[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$










M8VEN9SH@



@;F5W(')O;6%N




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P



]





M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P



38P.SPO

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P





@;F]T(&QI86)L92!T;R!P87D@


M07
@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P








M)V9O;G0Z(&)O;&0@

P
#`P
M

'!X.R!L



M


M97



#`P
#`P.R!T97AT



M:7!L97


M='


N($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!
M4T,@3F\N(#(U,!A;&P@861J=7-T;65N='


]



#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M:61T:#H@



N)B
Q-C`[($$@9&5F97)R960@=&%X


N
M)B


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX-

@;F5W(')O;6%N


M9GD[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X




[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M='
@=VEL;!B92!R96%L:7IE9XF(S$V

M(&]F(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&%X(&QA=W
@86YD(')A=&5S(&]N('1H92!D871E


M;&0@

M9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#`P

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P
M

'!X.R!L



M


]

]
M


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P



#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@





@9F]R

BPY


M8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T

M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(V86-E964S7S8V869?-#)A.%\Y.60X
M7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W

C(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



M
S`L(#(P


]


]


3`P)3L@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&4]

M(S$V

M;VT[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&4]





MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,S-W!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@






M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97








[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
M-#0L.3




M



#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@





M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




S4\+V9O;G0^






[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR






#`P
M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$S-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@




M







MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3,S-W!X.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M=&]M/B8C







3
S-W!X.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!V97)T







M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D




3


3!P=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXM
T\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^#0H\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T


O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1R93X-





M='



]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3`L
#`P/'-P86X^


U\V
M-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



R!-;VYT:'
@

M-SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3XX-2!-;VYT:'

M

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N
M(#

M=BX@
S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3F]V+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y.;W8N(#

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#
P+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
#D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#




]

]
T1N=6T^)`H-3`Y+#(P,D\

M*#4U+#0T





BPU.#@I/'-P





U





#






U







]

@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





M=&EO;G








]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3(U+#`P


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R
M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




#`L
#`P/'-P

M87)K($AO;&-O;6)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C
P


]



]










:6YE($ET96US73PO


]



]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@


T1T

3(@;6]N=&AS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]



3(@



]



]






]
M







2XU



M

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

051%

]


T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

S8@36]N=&AS($5N

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`P
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
L







]

]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]







]


]


]


]



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R
M83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


3T%.(%!!

M;'-P86X]


C$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


:6YE($ET96US



]

M86QI9VX]


BPR







]



#`L

;V%N(&EN=&5R

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
#`E







]


]


]



]

3`P+#`P


]


]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8C9A8V5E93-?-C9A9E\T
F$X




M/3-$240P135#04




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

Z

]
M





@9&5F97)R960@


M




U\V-F%F
M7S0R83A?.3ED.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S

M


2!R;W=S


M5&5X='5A;'




]



]







]



T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




C
L(#(P
#@\8G(^56YR96QA=&5D7W-H87)E:&]L9&5R/&)R/CPO

C`Q
SQB

]



]


]



]
T1R







C@L
#`P+#`P















]


]


]


]









]
T1R93X-








]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$U+#`P

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^56YR96QA=&5D(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@










]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#`P+#`P


]


]





]
T1T


M













]
M



]
T1T


C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P


]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#`P

#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#`P
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-F%C965E
U\V-F%F7S0R83A?.3ED
M.%\Y83AC83EB83=A-S


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J







]

M

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]
M


M9VX]

:6YE($ET96US









]
M




]




F$X7SDY9#A?.6$X8V$Y8F$W

Z+V(V86-E964S7S8V
M869?-#)A.%\Y.60X7SEA.&-A.6)A-V$W



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 644
938




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 644
938


        
        


        
225
728


        
(225
728)


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2008

          











        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash
 value
        
$ 15
000
$ 60
000
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        
        
        
        
28
000
000
28
000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
28
000
000
28
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash
 shares
        
        
        
3
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash
 value
        
        
        
15
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash
 shares
        
        
        
        
4
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash
 value
        
        
        
        
$ 60
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
300
000
000
300
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
28
000
000
28
000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
28
000
000
28
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2007.&#160; The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition



 organization
 development of its business plan and development of an array of products for sale. Everlast Lean is now available for sale and next year should see a ramp-up in sales revenue.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Detail Textuals) (Subsequent event
 Securities purchase agreement
 Senior secured convertible debentures
 USD $)

        
        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
$ 2
300
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
239
437
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 quarterly
 annual).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
049
        


        
1
401
        


        
1
401
        


        
        
        


        
134
758
11
385


        
82
760
        


        
53
820
49
483


        
300
000
        


        
571
338
60
868


        
571
338
60
868


        
        
        


Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2014 and November 30
 2013
28
000
28
000


        
47
000
47
000


        
(644
937)
(135
738)


        
(569
937)
(60
738)


        
$ 1
401
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




As of November 30
 2014


























644
938























225
728










(225
728































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ (222
152)
$ (14
797)
$ (509
200)
$ (55
441)
$ 2
434
$ (16
767)
$ (14
801)
$ (22
588)
$ (27
885)
$ 644
938


        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 4
503
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (509
200)
$ (55
441)


        
        
        


        
(1
049)
        


        
206
133
6
585


        
(304
115)
(48
856)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
4
337
44
483


        
300
000
        


        
        
        


        
304
337
44
483


        
        
(4
372)


        
        
4
503


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
300
000
000
300
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
28
000
000
28
000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
28
000
000
28
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

As of November 30
 2014
 the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $644
938.&#160; Net operating loss carryforwards expires twenty years from the date the loss was incurred.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
28
000
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

  2014
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Transactions
 other than employees' stock issuance
 are in accordance with ASC No. 505. Thus issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received.&#160; Transactions with employees' stock issuance are in accordance with ASC No. 718. These issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 or whichever is more readily determinable.

On November 5
 2007
 the Company issued a total of 3
000
000 shares of common stock to Mark Holcombe for cash in the amount of $0.005 per share for a total of $15
000.

On July 23
 2008
 the Company issued a total of 4
000
000 shares of common stock to 27 unrelated shareholders for cash in the amount of $0.015 per share for a total of $60
000 pursuant to the Company's SB-2 registration statement.

On July 30
 2013
As of November 30
 2013
 the Company had 28
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
62
451
5
970
130
383
22
655


        
        
        
        
        


        
23
969
7
449
36
617
30
908


Marketing
 Selling &amp; Warehousing Expenses
58
508
        
108
265
        


        
21
000
        
56
000
        


        
18
000
        
48
000
        


        
2
397
1
500
7
893
2
000


        
6
000
        
12
215
        


        
(192
326)
(14
919)
(399
373)
(55
563)


        
        
        
        
        


        
(30
000)
        
(110
000)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
(30
000)
        
(110
000)
        


        
$ (222
152)
$ (14
797)
$ (509
200)
$ (55
441)


        
        
        
        
        


        
28
000
000
28
000
000
28
000
000
28
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 selling and warehousing expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs
 which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities
 are: costs of topographical
 geographical and geophysical studies
 rights of access to properties to conduct those studies
 and salaries and other expenses of geologists
 geophysical crews
 and others conducting those studies. Collectively
 these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or G&amp;G costs. Exploration costs also include costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties
 such as delay rentals
 ad valorem taxes on properties
 legal costs for title defense
 the maintenance of land and lease records
 dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions
 costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells and costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and from rendering services such as exploration
 development
 mining
 processing and providing mining support activities.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On May 5
 2014
 Trident granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to Trident's 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date of issuance. Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 Trident granted 1
125
000 stock options to its president
 Michael Brown; 300
000 stock options to each of its directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott Chapman
 Mark Holcombe; 150
000 stock options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its special advisors
 Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.&#160; The Company had no significant operations during the period from November 5
 2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2014 and generated a net loss of $644
938.&#160; This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.&#160; The Company is currently in the pre-production stage and expenses are increasing. They have secured short term bridge loans to cover these expenses. The current cash of $352 is insufficient to cover the expenses they will incur during the next twelve months. The Company was in the process of securing major long term financing to see them through this period.&#160; (See note on subsequent events).




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 2
900


        
        


        
        


        
$ 90
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of November 30
 2013:

Common stock
 $ 0.001 par value: 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On December 23
 2013
 the Company entered into a Deed of Assignment Agreement with Everlast World's Boxing Headquarters Corporation
 International Brand Management Limited
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated and Manchester Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and Manchester Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
 a New York corporation
 has assigned its interest in the trade mark license to the Company.

Pursuant to the terms of the assignment agreement
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
 assigns all of its rights
 title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license to the Company effective December 23
 2013 and the Company will assume all of the obligations of Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated under the license agreement. The Company shall remain responsible to Everlast and International Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary
 Sports Nutrition Products Inc.



Licence Agreement
 or arising from its termination
 Manchester Capital is unconditionally responsible to pay that amount to Licensor in the manner prescribed in the Licence Agreement as if it were the Licensee.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property.&#160; Between June 1
 2009 and August 31
 2009 and the month of September 2012 the Company paid a director $300 per month for use of office space and services.&#160; Between September 1
 2009 and August 31
 2012 and August 1
 2013 and November 30
 2014 the Company paid a director $500 per month for use of office space and services.

As of November 30
 2014
 there is a loan payable due to Mark Holcombe
 sole officer and director of the Company
 for $53
820 that is non-interest bearing with no specific repayment terms.

The officer and director of the Company may
 in the future
 become involved in other business opportunities as they become available
 he may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and his other business opportunities.&#160; The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On May 1
 2014
 the Company obtained a short term loan of $200
000 from Rene Arseneault. On July 21
 2014
 the Company obtained another short term loan of $100
000 from 1169822 Ontario Limited. Both loans bear interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principle amount of the loans outstanding. Unless paid earlier
 the loans and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on April 30
 2015 and June 21
 2015 respectively. As of November 30
 2014
 both short term loans are still outstanding. The accrued interest expense is $12
215 ($9
333 and $2
882 respectively).




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






As of November 30
 2014


























644
938























225
728










(225
728




























Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income.&#160; As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain
 the Company recorded a valuation allowance.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.&#160; The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.


        
        

ASC No. 260
 Earnings Per Share
 specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock.&#160;&#160; The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.




        
        




        
        

The Company has entered into an agreement with one of their co-manufacturers
 Continental Ingredients Company
 to purchase the inventory. The company is not liable to pay for the inventory until the following month that the goods are sold with the balance of the remaining inventory payable after 90 days. As of November 30
 2014
 Continental has purchased approximately $90
000 of inventory which the Company will be liable for next year.


        
        




        
        

Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes.&#160; A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.&#160; Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.&#160;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


        
        




        
        

The Company will expense its advertising when incurred. Advertising expenses for the year were approximately $2
900.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 53
820
        
        
        
        
$ 49
483


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 53
820
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Nov. 05
 2007
        
        
        
        


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 05
 2007
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash on November 5
 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30
 2008 respectively
12
000
3
000
        
15
000


Stock issued for cash on November 5
 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30
 2008 respectively (in shares)
12
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Nov. 30
 2007
12
000
3
000
        
14
310


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2007
12
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued for cash on November 5
 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30
 2008 respectively
16
000
44
000
        
60
000


Stock issued for cash on November 5
 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30
 2008 respectively (in shares)
16
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(27
885)
(27
885)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2008
28
000
47
000
(28
575)
46
425


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2008
28
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(22
588)
(22
588)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2009
28
000
47
000
(51
163)
23
837


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2009
28
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(14
801)
(14
801)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2010
28
000
47
000
(65
964)
9
036


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2010
28
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(16
767)
(16
767)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2011
28
000
47
000
(82
731)
(7
731)


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2011
28
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
2
434
2
434


Balance at Nov. 30
 2012
28
000
47
000
(80
297)
(5
297)


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2012
28
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(55
441)
(55
441)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2013
28
000
47
000
(135
738)
(60
738)


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2013
28
000
000
        
        
28
000
000


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(509
200)
(509
200)


Balance at Nov. 30
 2014
$ 28
000
$ 47
000
$ (644
938)
$ (569
937)


Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2014
28
000
000
        
        
28
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 300
000
        
        


        
12
215
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
200
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
9
333
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
100
000


        
        
        
        


        
$ 2
882
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
















    














    
    

Nov. 30


Nov. 30


Nov. 30


Nov. 30


Nov. 30


Nov. 30


Nov. 30

    
    

Nov. 30



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On January 29
 2015
 Trident Brands Incorporated entered into a securities purchase agreement with a non-US institutional investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
 convertible into shares of the company's common stock. The Company received the funds from the transaction on February 5
 2015.

The convertible debentures provide for repayment in four quarterly payments of interest commencing on April 29
 2015
 and are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at an initial conversion price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up to 3
239
437 shares. The debentures bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable in cash each quarter.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













