

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-16-000688
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160311
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trident Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001421907
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				261367322
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53707
		FILM NUMBER:		161500831
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH EXECUTIVE DRIVE
 SUITE 101
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262-789-6689
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 SOUTH EXECUTIVE DRIVE
 SUITE 101
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53005
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sandfield Ventures Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071220






                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549
                                    FORM 10-K
                ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURUTIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended November 30
 2015
                        Commission file number 000-53707
                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)
           Nevada                                                26-1367322
(State or Other Jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)                              Identification No.)
                      200 South Executive Drive
 Suite 101
                              Brookfield
 WI 53005
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices & Zip Code)
                                 (262) 789-6689
                               (Telephone Number)
                            Resident Agents of Nevada
                          711 S. Carson Street
 Suite 4
                              Carson City
 NV 89701
                     (Name and Address of Agent for Service)
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None
           Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:
                          Common Stock
 $.001 par value
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes [ ] No [X]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and
posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ss.232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ]
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the
best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Non-accelerated filer [ ]                          Accelerated filer [ ]
Large accelerated filer [ ]                        Smaller reporting company [X]
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]
As of March 11
  2016
  the  registrant  had  31
000
000  shares of common stock
issued and  outstanding.  No market value has been computed  based upon the fact
that no active trading market had been established as of March 11
 2016.

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                                    FORM 10-K
                      For the year ended November 30
 2015
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----
Basis of Presentation                                                         3
Forward Looking Statements                                                    3
Part I
Item 1.     Business                                                          5
Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                     13
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                        23
Item 2.     Properties                                                       23
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                23
Item 4.     Mining Safety Disclosures                                        23
Part II
Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
            Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                23
Item 6.     Selected Financial Data                                          26
Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
            and Results of Operations                                        26
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       31
Item 8.     Financial Statements                                             31
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
            and Financial Disclosure                                         31
Item 9A(T). Controls and Procedures                                          31
Item 9B.    Other Information                                                33
Part III
Item 10.    Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance           33
Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                           38
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
            and Related Stockholder Matters                                  39
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and
            Director Independence                                            40
Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services                           42
Part IV
Item 15.    Exhibits                                                         42
                                       2

BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Except  where the context  otherwise  requires
  all  references  in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30
  2015(Form 10-K) to
the Company
  we
  us
  our
  Trident and Trident  Brands or similar
words and phrases are to Trident  Brands  Incorporated  . and its  subsidiaries
taken together.
In this report
 all currency amounts are expressed in thousands of United States
(U.S.) dollars ($)
 except per share data
 unless otherwise stated.  Amounts
expressed in other than U.S. dollars are noted accordingly. For example
 amounts
if expressed in Canadian  dollars are expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars
and preceded by the symbol Cdn $.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  which  are based on our
current  expectations  and  assumptions  and  involve  a  number  of  risks  and
uncertainties.  Generally
  forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to
historical  or  current  facts and are  typically  accompanied  by words such as
anticipate
   estimate
   intend
  project
   potential
   continue
believe
 expect
 could
 would
 should
 might
 plan
 will
 may
predict
  the negatives of such terms
 and words and phrases of similar impact
and include
 but are not limited to references to expected increases in revenues
and margins
 growth opportunities
  the success of new product launches and line
extensions
   our  ability  to  finance  our   business
   potential   strategic
investments
  business strategies
  competitive strengths
  goals
 references to
key  markets  where  we  operate  and  the  market  for  our  securities.  These
forward-looking  statements  are made pursuant to the safe harbor  provisions of
the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995.  These  forward-looking
statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses we make in light of our
experience and our interpretation of current  conditions
  historical trends and
expected  future  developments
  as well as other  factors  that we believe  are
appropriate in the circumstance.
Whether actual results and  developments  will agree with our  expectations  and
predictions is subject to many risks and uncertainties.  Accordingly
  there are
or will be  important  factors  that could  cause our  actual  results to differ
materially  from our  expectations  and  predictions.  We believe  these factors
include
 but are not limited to
 the following:
     *    we have a limited operating history with significant losses and expect
          losses to continue for the foreseeable future;
     *    there is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to
          recurring losses from operations
 accumulated deficit and insufficient
          cash  resources  to meet our business  objectives
  all of which means
          that we may not be able to continue operations;
     *    we  could  face  intense  competition
  which  could  result  in lower
          revenues  and  higher  expenditures  and could  adversely  affect  our
          results of operations;
     *    we are  governed  by only  three  persons  serving  as  directors  and
          officers which may lead to faulty corporate governance;
     *    we must attract and maintain key personnel or our business may fail;
                                       3

     *    we may not be able to secure  additional  financing to meet our future
          capital needs due to changes in general economic conditions;
     *    our  business  and  operating  results  could be  harmed if we fail to
          manage our growth or change;
     *    we have a limited  operating  history and if we are not  successful in
          growing our business
 then we may have to scale back or even cease our
          ongoing business operations;
     *    if our intellectual property is not adequately protected
  then we may
          not be able to compete effectively and we may not be profitable;
     *    if we are the subject of an intellectual  property infringement claim
          the cost of  participating  in any litigation could impact our ability
          to stay in business;
     *    we could lose our competitive advantages if we are not able to protect
          any of our food and  nutritional  products and  intellectual  property
          rights  against  infringement
  and any  related  litigation  could be
          time-consuming and costly;
     *    if we fail to  effectively  manage  our  growth  our  future  business
          results could be harmed and our managerial and  operational  resources
          may be strained;
     *    if we fail to  effectively  manage  our  growth  our  future  business
          results could be harmed and our managerial and  operational  resources
          may be strained;
     *    our services may become obsolete and  unmarketable if we are unable to
          respond  adequately  to  rapidly  changing   technology  and  customer
          demands;
     *    our failure to appropriately  respond to changing consumer preferences
          and  demand  for  new   products   or   product   enhancements   could
          significantly harm product sales and harm our financial  condition and
          operating results;
     *    if we do not introduce new products or make enhancements to adequately
          meet the changing needs of our  customers
  some of our products could
          fail in the marketplace
  which could negatively  impact our revenues
          financial condition and operating results.
     *    we are affected by laws and  governmental  regulations  with potential
          penalties  or claims
  which could harm our  financial  condition  and
          operating results;
     *    since we rely on  independent  third parties for the  manufacture  and
          supply of certain of our  products
  if these  third  parties  fail to
          reliably supply products to us at required levels of quality and which
          are   manufactured  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws
  then  our
          financial condition and operating results would be harmed;
     *    we may incur material product liability  claims
  which could increase
          our costs and harm our financial condition and operating results;
     *    unless we can generate  sufficient  cash from operations or additional
          raise funds
 we may not be able to meet our debt obligations;
     *    our  customers  generally  are not  obligated  to continue  purchasing
          products from us;
     *    if we do not  manage  our  supply  chain  effectively
  our  operating
          results may be adversely affected;
     *    our stock  price may be  volatile
  which may  result in losses to our
          shareholders;
     *    our common shares are thinly traded and our shareholders may be unable
          to sell at or near ask prices
 or at all;
     *    the market price for our common stock is  particularly  volatile given
          our status as a relatively small and developing  company
  which could
          lead to wide  fluctuations in our share price. Our shareholders may be
          unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price if at
          all
 which may result in substantial losses to you;
                                       4

     *    we  do  not  anticipate  paying  any  cash  dividends  to  our  common
          shareholders  and as a result  shareholders  may only realize a return
          when the shares are sold;
     *    we are listed on the OTCQB  quotation  system and our common  stock is
          subject to penny  stock  rules  which  could  negatively  impact our
          liquidity and our shareholders' ability to sell their shares;
     *    volatility  in our common  share  price may  subject us to  securities
          litigation;
     *    the elimination of monetary liability against our directors
  officers
          and employees  under Nevada law and the  existence of  indemnification
          rights  of  our  directors
  officers  and  employees  may  result  in
          substantial  expenditures  by our company and may discourage  lawsuits
          against our directors
 officers and employees;
     *    our business is subject to changing  regulations  related to corporate
          governance  and public  disclosure  that have increased both our costs
          and the risk of noncompliance.
Consequently all  forward-looking  statements made herein are qualified by these
cautionary  statements  and there can be no assurance that our actual results or
the  developments we anticipate will be realized.  The foregoing  factors should
not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction  with the other
cautionary  statements  that are  included in this report.  For a more  detailed
discussion  of the  principal  factors  that could  cause  actual  results to be
materially different
 you should read our risk factors in Item 1A
 Risk Factors
included elsewhere in this report.
                                     PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION
Trident Brands  Incorporated  (f/k/a Sandfield  Ventures Corp.) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on  November  5
  2007.  The  Company  was
initially  formed to engage in the  acquisition
  exploration and development of
natural resource  properties
  but has since  transitioned and is now focused on
branded  consumer  products  and food  ingredients.  The Company is in the early
growth  stage and has  commenced  commercial  activities  following  a period of
organization and development of its business plan.
The Company  maintains  a  compelling  portfolio  of branded  consumer  products
including  nutritional  products and supplements under the Everlast(R) and Brain
Armor(R) brands
  and functional food ingredients  under the Oceans Omega brand.
These brands are focused on the fast growing supplements and nutritional product
and heart and brain  health  categories
  supported by an  established  contract
manufacturing
  supply chain and research and development infrastructure
  and a
solid and proactive  management  team
 board of directors and advisors with many
years of experience in related categories.
CORPORATE LEGAL STRUCTURE AND RELATED MATTERS
Trident Brands Incorporated has three legal subsidiaries
 as detailed below.
                                       5

                          Trident Brands Incorporated
                         /              |             \
                        /               |              \
                       /                |               \
            100%                    100%                    85.5%
       Trident Brands         Sports Nutrition        Brain Armor Inc.
         Canada Ltd.            Products Inc.
Trident  Brands  Canada Ltd. is 100% owned by Trident  Brands and holds  various
banking  facilities
  Sports  Nutrition  Product  Inc.  is 100% owned by Trident
Brands  and holds the  license to market and sell  products  in the  nutritional
foods and supplemetns  categories  under the Everlast(R)  brand
 and Brain Armor
Inc. is 85.5%  owned by Trident  Brands and holds the  trademark  related to the
Brain Armor(R) brand.
The Company's  administrative  office is located at 200 South  Executive  Drive
Suite 101
  Brookfield
  Wisconsin
  53005 and its fiscal  year end is  November
30th.
The Company has authorized capital of 300
000
000 common shares with a par value
of $0.001 per share.  28
000
000 common shares were issued and outstanding as of
November 30
 2015 and 31
000
000 common shares were issued and outstanding as of
March 11
 2016.
HISTORY OF TRIDENT BRANDS
Trident Brands  Incorporated was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November
5
  2007  as  Sandfield   Ventures  Corp.  Its  primary  business  was  resource
exploration  in that state but after a period of time  management of the Company
decided to take a new direction  for the business and focus on consumer  goods -
primarily  branded nutrition  products and ingredients.  We are currently in the
product introduction and commercialization phase of our new business focus.
On June 12
 2013 the Board of Directors approved an agreement and plan of merger
with a wholly-owned subsidiary called Trident Brands Incorporated. At that point
we changed our name from Sandfield Ventures Corp. to Trident Brands Incorporated
and  Mark  Holcombe  assumed  the role of Chief  Executive  Officer
  President
Secretary and Treasurer.
Following that
 on July 9
 2013
 our Board of Directors approved a resolution to
affect a 4 for 1 forward  stock  split.  Upon effect of the forward  split
  our
authorized  capital  increased from  75
000
000 to 300
000
000  shares of common
stock and  correspondingly
  our issued and  outstanding  shares of common stock
increased  from 7
000
000 to 28
000
000  shares of common stock
  all with a par
value of $0.001
                                       6

On August 1
 2013
 our directors  approved the adoption of our 2013 Stock Option
Plan which  permits us to issue up to  4
200
000  shares of our common  stock to
directors
  officers
 employees and consultants of our company upon the exercise
of stock options granted under the 2013 Stock Option Plan.
On December 23
 2013
  we signed a 15 year  license  agreement  (including a ten
year  extension  option) with  Everlast(R)  World's Boxing  Headquarters  Corp.
International  Brand Management & Licensing
  to market and sell products in the
nutritional  foods and supplements  category under the Everlast(R)  brand.  This
licensing agreement enables us to introduce a portfolio of nutritional  products
in categories such as supplements and functional foods using this brand mark.
Effective March 21
 2014
 we appointed the following individuals as officers and
directors:
     *    Donald  MacPhee was appointed to our Board of Directors
  Chair of the
          Audit Committee and as a member of the Corporate Governance Committee.
     *    Scott Chapman was  appointed to our Board of  Directors
  Chair of the
          Corporate  Governance  Committee
  member of the Audit  Committee  and
          member of the Compensation Committee.
     *    Michael  Browne  was  appointed  as  our  President
  Chief  Financial
          Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary.
     *    Peter Salvo was appointed as our Controller.
At the same time Mark Holcombe resigned as Chief Executive  Officer
  President
Secretary  and  Treasurer
  and was appointed as Chair of the Board of Directors
and Chair of the Compensation  Committee.  Mr.  Holcombe's  resignation as Chief
Executive Officer
 President
  Secretary and Treasurer was not the result of any
disagreement with our Company regarding its operations
  policies
  practices or
otherwise.
On May 5
 2014
 we entered into a Product Development Agreement with Continental
Ingredients  Canada  Inc.  in support of our plan to  commercialize  nutritional
supplements  and  functional  food  and  beverage  products  for  sales in North
America. Under the Agreement
 we engaged Continental Ingredients on an exclusive
basis to provide services for the development
  manufacturing  and supply of our
products for a period of five years  commencing on May 5
 2014 and ending on May
4
 2019
 such term to renew  automatically for a further 12 months unless either
party delivers a written  termination  notice six months prior to the expiration
of the initial term or renewal  period.  This  agreement has  subsequently  been
revised  effective  December  9
  2015  and  details  are  provided  in the  Key
Developments in Fiscal 2015 section of this Form 10-K.
On May 5
 2014
  we appointed  Robert  Campbell and Karen  Arseneault as Special
Advisors.
Also on May 5
 2014
  we granted an  aggregate  of  2
875
000  stock  options to
directors
  officers
  and consultants of our company pursuant to our 2013 Stock
Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date of grant at
exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from the date of
issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date of issuance
and  $1.50  for  shares  vesting  36 months  from the date of  issuance.  Of the
2
875
000 stock options granted
 we granted:
                                       7

     1.   1
125
000  stock  options  to  our  then  President
  Chief  Financial
          Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 Michael Browne;
     2.   300
000 stock options to each of our directors
  Donald MacPhee
 Scott
          Chapman
 Mark Holcombe;
     3.   150
000 stock options to our controller
 Peter Salvo; and
     4.   350
000 stock options to each of our special advisors
 Robert Campbell
          and Karen Arseneault.
We  subsequently  transitioned  out of our shell status with a Super-8 filing at
the end of August
 2014.
KEY DEVELOPMENTS IN FISCAL 2015 AND FISCAL 2016 TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT
On January 29
  2015
  we entered into a securities  purchase  agreement  with a
non-US  institutional  investor whereby we agreed to sell an aggregate principal
amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
  convertible into
shares of the Company's common stock. We received the funds from the transaction
in two  traunches
  $1
800
000 on February 5
 2015 and $500
000 on May 14
 2015.
The convertible  debentures are convertible  into shares of the Company's common
stock at an initial  conversion  price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up
to 3
239
437  shares.  The debentures bear interest at 6% per annum
  payable in
cash each quarter.  We used the net proceeds from this  transaction  for working
capital and general corporate purposes.
On  February  27
  2015
  we engaged  Malone  Bailey LLP as our new  independent
registered public accounting firm. On March 6
 2015
 we formally informed George
Stewart
 CPA of their dismissal as the Company's  independent  registered public
accounting firm. The reports of George Stewart
  CPA on the Company's  financial
statements  as of and for the fiscal  years  ended  November  30
  2014 and 2013
contained no adverse  opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or
modified  as to  uncertainty
  audit  scope or  accounting  principle  except to
indicate  that  there was  substantial  doubt  about the  Company's  ability  to
continue  as a going  concern.  There  had  been no  disagreements  with  George
Stewart
  CPA on any matter of accounting  principles  or  practices
  financial
statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure
  which disagreements if not
resolved to the  satisfaction of George  Stewart
  CPA would have caused them to
make  reference  thereto  in  connection  with  their  report  on the  financial
statements for such years.  Our Board of Directors  participated in and approved
the decision to change independent registered public accounting firms.
On  March  1
  2015
  we  acquired
  through  a  licensing  agreement  with  DSM
Nutritional  Products LLC (DNP)
 the exclusive global rights to Brain Armor(R)
dietary supplements
  a plant-based DHA supplement designed specifically for the
needs of athletes.  At the same time
  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary
  Brain Armor
Incorporated  was  registered  to hold the  trademark  license and all costs and
revenue  associated with commercial  development of the Brain Armor(R) brand. As
per the  agreement
  DNP shall be the sole source of the  Company's  omega-3 oil
requirements  which will be DNP's  life's DHATM oil and will supply the soft gel
capsules  in  finished  form to us.  In order  to  maintain  exclusivity  to the
license
  we are  required  to meet  certain  targets  with  respect  to product
launches  and sales  volume.  Also under the terms of the  agreement we have the
opportunity  to  exercise  an option to  purchase  the  Brain  Armor(R)  dietary
supplement  brand.  The term of the Agreement and the license rights is for five
(5) years and shall be  subject to  successive  one (1) year  automatic  renewal
periods
 assuming all performance milestones have been met.
                                       8

On June 29
  2015
  we appointed  Dr.  Neilank K. Jha
 MD
 FRCS (C) as a Special
Advisor to its Brain  Armor(R)  subsidiary.  On September  29
 2015 the Board of
Directors  of  Brain  Armor  Inc.   allotted  100
000  shares  of  common  stock
representing  10% of the issued and  outstanding  capital of Brain Armor Inc. to
KONKUSSION  Inc.
 a company  controlled by Dr. Jha. Dr. Jha is a board certified
Neurosurgeon  FRCS(C) and a fellowship trained Spine Surgeon.  Dr. Jha is one of
North America's foremost concussion experts
 with published articles
 papers and
book chapters
 as well as presenting various abstracts at scientific meetings in
Canada and the  United  States.  Dr.  Jha is the  Founder  and  Chairman  of the
KONKUSSION  program.  His vision is to revolutionize and redefine the management
of concussions.
On November 1
 2015
  we entered into a  consulting  agreement  with Dr.  Julian
Bailes wherein Dr. Bailes has agreed to provide consulting services as a Special
Advisor to our Company and/or our  subsidiary
  Brain Armor Inc. for a period of
12  months.  Pursuant  to the  consulting  agreement
  we agreed to issue to Dr.
Bailes 5% of the issued and  outstanding  shares of Brain  Armor Inc.  effective
November  30
 2015.  As a result
  our company now holds 85.5% of the issued and
outstanding  shares of Brain Armor Inc. Dr.  Bailes is a  nationally  recognized
leader in the field of neurosurgery and conducts research on the impact of brain
injury on neurological function. Dr. Bailes is the Chairman of the Department of
Neurosurgery at North Shore University  Health System
  Co-Director of the North
Shore  Neurological  Institute
  and a Clinical Professor of Neurosurgery at the
University of Chicago  Pritzker School of Medicine.  The Company is working with
both Dr. Jha and Dr.  Bailes to research  and develop  line  extensions  and new
products that support active lifestyles and sports participation under the Brain
Armor(R) brand.
On November 30
 2015
  Michael Browne signed a service contract with the company
to serve as Brand Director of Trident Brands Inc. At that time his stock options
were amended from a total of 1
125
000 which were issued May 5
 2014 to 625
000.
As a result
  total stock  options  outstanding  as of November 30
 2015 are now
2
375
000.
On  December  8
 2015
  a Letter of Intent  (LOI)  was signed  confirming  the
intention of Trident  Brands Inc.  and  Continental  Ingredients  Canada Inc. to
enter into negotiations regarding the acquisition by Trident of up to 43% of the
voting  securities of  Continental  with an option to acquire the balance of all
remaining issued and outstanding voting securities at the time of the closing of
the  transaction.  Approval of any subsequent  agreement
  if any
 is subject to
approval by a Special Committee of the Board by April 15
 2016.
On December 9
 2015
  we entered into a revised  Product  Development  Agreement
(PDA) with  Continental  Ingredients  Canada Inc. (CIC) pursuant to which we
engaged  CIC on an  exclusive  basis to provide  services  for the  development
manufacturing
 and supply of our Everlast Nutrition(R) and Brain Armor(TM) brand
nutritional  supplements
  and  functional  food and  beverage  products.  CIC's
services will include research and  development
  design
  ingredient  sourcing
production
  distribution
  and inventory management of our planned portfolio of
branded  products.  In addition
  CIC will manage all third party  suppliers and
manufacturers
  and provide us with  office  space at their  Oakville
  Ontario
facility.  The term of the PDA is for 5 years
 expiring on December 9
 2020. The
term will renew  automatically for successive 12 month periods unless terminated
                                       9

by either party with 6 months' notice.  This PDA replaced our previous agreement
with CIC dated May 5
 2014  regarding  our Everlast  Nutrition(R)  products.  On
March 1st 2016
 the PDA was further  amended to clarify that while neither party
to the  agreement  can assign its  interests  or  obligations  without the prior
written  consent  of the other  party
  a change of  control in CIC shall not be
considered an assignment of CIC's rights and obligations.
Effective December 15
 2015
 Michael Browne resigned as President of our Company
to focus on his Brand Director
 Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
responsibilities.   Mr.   Browne's   resignation  was  not  the  result  of  any
disagreement with our Company regarding our operations
  policies
  practices or
otherwise.
Also
 effective December 15
 2015
 Donald MacPhee
 one of our board members
 was
appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of our Company.
On January 28
 2016
 we issued  3
000
000  common  shares  pursuant to a Deed of
Assignment dated effective January 20
 2015 among our Company
 Oceans Omega LLC
and the assignor 2298107 Ontario Inc.
  pursuant to which the assignor  assigned
to our Company the assignor's non-exclusive rights to purchase
 market
 sell and
distribute certain Omega 3 nutritional emulsions produced by Oceans Omega LLC to
the food and beverage industries and exclusive rights to purchase
  market
 sell
and distribute to the global meat industry.
On January 29
 2016
 we entered into a Securities  Purchase  Agreement  with one
investor  whereby we  received  proceeds  of  $250
000  in return for a $250
000
secured  promissory note due 12 months from the issuance date
  bearing interest
at the rate of 10% per annum
  and 125
000 warrants to purchase common shares of
our  Company at an  exercise  price of $1.35 per share for three  years from the
date of issue.
On February 29
 2016
 we entered into a Securities  Purchase  Agreement with CIC
whereby we  received  proceeds  of  $200
000  in return  for a $200
000  secured
promissory  note due 12 months from the issuance date
  bearing  interest at the
rate of 10% per annum
  and 100
000  warrants to purchase  common  shares of our
Company at an exercise price of $1.35 per share for three years from the date of
issue.
BUSINESS OBJECTIVES AND STRATEGIES
Our  business  brings  together  many  years of  seasoned  expertise  in branded
consumer products
  supply chain
 product development and corporate finance. Our
team has experience in developing and commercializing consumer products
 in both
global  companies  and  specialty  markets.   Our  purpose  is  to  apply  these
capabilities in starting new product lines with specific competitive  advantage.
Our product development is focused on:
     *    Extending   established  brands  with  existing  equity  that  can  be
          leveraged;
     *    Delivering  consumer  benefit with unique  technology or  intellectual
          properties; and
     *    Targeting dynamic growth segments.
                                       10

Coupled with strategic capital  investment
  our focus is on investments  within
the fast growing nutritional product and functional food  segments/sectors.  Our
goal is to provide our shareholders  with outstanding ROI through a portfolio of
branded platforms via an asset light business model when and where appropriate.
As  part  of our  long-term  strategy  we are  targeting  the  following  growth
opportunities:
     *    Brand licenses in fast growing categories;
     *    Consumer  goods  with  focus  on  supplements
   functional   foods  &
          beverages;
     *    Life science  technology that has  applications  in consumer  products
          with a focus on nutritional
 brain and heart health products; and
     *    Intellectual property and/or licenses in recognized brand platforms.
In addition to  investments  in brands and  technology
  we will seek to acquire
positions in businesses to support our strategy through the use of common and/or
preferred   equity
   senior  secured
   unsecured
   and  convertible  debt  in
organizations  who  meet  our  investment  goals.  Through  our  management  and
directors  vast  expertise in both the consumer  branded  segment and  strategic
investment  experience
  we seek to provide our  shareholders  a sound return on
their investment.
The Company's strategic objective is to:
     *    Build and grow strategic brands organically;
     *    Make strategic investments in high growth companies;
     *    Develop   and   then   merge   brands/business   lines   into   larger
          multi-national Companies; and
     *    Mitigate risk by creating a diverse portfolio of  brands/operations in
          the growth sectors listed above.
BRANDS
EVERLAST(R)
We have a long term license
 with a 10 year extension option
 to market and sell
products in the nutritional foods and supplements category under the Everlast(R)
brand. The US Dietary  Supplement Segment continues to experience dynamic growth
driven by favorable  demographic  trends
  increased  media  coverage of dietary
issues and  greater  emphasis on  preventive  health/wellness  practices  in the
healthcare  industry
  and the  Everlast(R)  line of  products  are  designed to
capitalize on this dynamic.
BRAIN ARMOR(R)
In March 2015
 we acquired
  through a licensing agreement
 the exclusive global
rights to Brain Armor(R)
 a plant-based DHA supplement designed specifically for
the needs of  athletes.  Brain  Armor(R)  helps  optimize  cognitive  and visual
performance by supplying a meaningful  amount of DHA
 an important Omega-3 shown
to support  brain
  eye and heart  health.  Brain  Armor(R) is powered by Life's
DHA(R)
 a patented plant source of DHA grown in a FDA inspected facility.
                                       11

OCEANS OMEGA
In January 2016 we obtained the rights to purchase
  market
 sell and distribute
certain  patented  Omega 3 products  produced by Oceans  Omega LLC. The products
have  application  as a  functional  food  ingredient  and include  breakthrough
technology for omega 3 fortification  of food and beverages.  Prior to acquiring
these rights we acted as a distributor for the then rights owner.
PRODUCT SUPPLY
We procure our products utilizing a series of ingredient suppliers and strategic
contract  manufacturers.  We also have a strategic  agreement  with  Continental
Ingredients  Canada (CIC) whereby they provide  services for the  development
manufacturing
 and supply of our Everlast Nutrition(R) and Brain Armor(TM) brand
nutritional  supplements
  and  functional  food and  beverage  products.  CIC's
services  include  research  and  development
   design
   ingredient  sourcing
production
  distribution
  and inventory management of our planned portfolio of
branded  products.  In  addition
  CIC  manages all third  party  suppliers  and
manufacturers
  and  provides us with office space at their  Oakville
  Ontario
facility.
COMPETITION
We compete in the highly competitive branded nutritional products and functional
foods market segments. These markets are highly competitive with many companies
large and small
  competing for market share. The nutritional products market is
one of the fastest  growing  markets in the world  producing close to 32 billion
dollars in revenue  in 2012
  and is  projected  to double
  producing  revenues
exceeding  60 billion  dollars by 2021  according  to the  Nutritional  Business
Journal. With the combination of high quality
  scientifically designed and cost
competitive  products
  and the equity in our brands
 we believe we will be able
to gain market share in rapidly growing markets.
COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATION
Our  operations
  supply  chain and  products  are  subject  to a wide  range of
governmental  regulations  and  policies  in various  regions  where we operate
including  the U.S.  and  Canada.  These  laws
  regulations  and  policies  are
implemented
  as applicable  in each  jurisdiction
  on the  national
  federal
state
  provincial and local levels. We believe we have processes and systems in
place throughout our supply chain to meet the requirements of these regulations.
PATENTS
  TRADEMARKS
  FRANCHISES
  CONCESSIONS
  ROYALTY  AGREEMENTS
  OR LABOR
CONTRACTS
We currently do not directly own any material patents
  trademarks
  copyrights
franchises  or  concessions  as  these  are  currently  owned  by our  licensing
partners.  We will  assess  the  need for any  copyright
  trademark  or  patent
applications on an ongoing basis as our business develops.
HUMAN RESOURCES
 CONTRACT SERVICE PROVIDERS
 EMPLOYEES
We operate our business via resources that provide  services to the Company on a
contractual  basis. We feel this is most prudent as we can cost effectively meet
our needs and leverage capabilities of talented individuals without employing on
a full time basis.  As the business grows we expect to add a number of full-time
                                       12

employees. We presently do not have pension
 health
 annuity
  insurance
 profit
sharing  or  similar  benefit  plans;  however
  we may adopt  such plans in the
future.  Except for our stock  option  plan
  there are  presently  no  personal
benefits available to our officers and directors.
REPORTS TO SECURITIES HOLDERS
We provide an annual report that includes audited  financial  information to our
shareholders.  We will make our financial  information  equally available to any
interested  parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules of
Regulation S-K for a small business issuer under the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934. We are subject to disclosure  filing  requirements
  including filing Form
10K annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition
 we will file Form 8K and other
proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not intend
to  voluntarily  file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file
such reports is suspended  under the Exchange  Act. The public may read and copy
any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (SEC)
at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The
public may obtain  information on the operation of the Public  Reference Room by
calling  the  SEC  at  1-800-SEC-0330.   The  SEC  maintains  an  Internet  site
(http://www.sec.gov)  that contains reports
  proxy and information  statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS
You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the
other information  included in this report before making an investment  decision
with regard to our securities.  The statements contained in or incorporated into
this current report on Form 10-K that are not historic facts are forward-looking
statements that are subject to risks and  uncertainties  that could cause actual
results   to  differ   materially   from  those  set  forth  in  or  implied  by
forward-looking  statements.  If any of the following risks actually occur
  our
business
  financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that
case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
  and you may lose all
or part of your investment.
WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY WITH SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND EXPECT LOSSES TO
CONTINUE FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.
We have yet to establish a history of profitable  operations and
 as at November
30
  2015
  have an  accumulated  deficit  of  $3
800
118
  realized  since  our
inception on November 5
 2007. We have generated only nominal revenues since our
inception  and thus have  incurred  operating  losses.  Our  profitability  will
require the successful  commercialization  and sales of our planned  products at
acceptable  margins.  We may not be able to  successfully  achieve  any of these
requirements or ever become profitable.
                                       13

THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL  DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN DUE
TO RECURRING LOSSES FROM OPERATIONS
  ACCUMULATED  DEFICIT AND INSUFFICIENT CASH
RESOURCES TO MEET OUR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES
 ALL OF WHICH MEANS THAT WE MAY NOT BE
ABLE TO CONTINUE OPERATIONS.
Our  independent  auditors  have added an  explanatory  paragraph to their audit
opinion issued in connection  with the financial  statements for the years ended
November  30
 2015 and 2014 with  respect to their  substantial  doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern.  As discussed in Note 3 to our financial
statements for the years ended  November 30
 2015
 we have  generated  operating
losses since  inception
  and our cash resources are currently  insufficient  to
meet our planned business  objectives
  which together raises  substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern.
WE COULD FACE  INTENSE  COMPETITION
  WHICH COULD  RESULT IN LOWER  REVENUES AND
HIGHER EXPENDITURES AND COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
Unless  we keep  pace with  changing  market  demands
  we could  lose  existing
customers and more importantly fail to win new and retain any future  customers.
In order to compete  effectively in the food and nutritional  products industry
we must  continually  design
  develop  implement and market new and/or enhanced
products and  strategies.  Our future  success will  depend
  in part
  upon our
ability to address the changing and sophisticated needs of the marketplace.  Our
strategy of expanding our food and nutrition  business may not be successful and
could adversely affect our business operations and financial condition.
Further
 our plan to pursue sales of our product in international markets may be
limited by risks related to conditions in such markets.
WE ARE GOVERNED BY ONLY THREE PERSONS  SERVING AS DIRECTORS  AND OFFICERS  WHICH
MAY LEAD TO FAULTY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.
Currently our board does not include any  independent  directors and as a result
we do not  have  any  independent  committees.  This  could  lead to  less  than
preferable governance practices due to this lack of independence.
WE MUST ATTRACT AND MAINTAIN KEY PERSONNEL OR OUR BUSINESS MAY FAIL.
Success  depends on the  acquisition of key  personnel.  We will have to compete
with other companies both within and outside the food and  nutritional  products
industry to recruit and retain competent employees and contract resources. If we
cannot maintain qualified resources to meet the needs of our anticipated growth
this  could  have a  material  adverse  effect  on our  business  and  financial
condition.
WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SECURE  ADDITIONAL  FINANCING  TO MEET OUR FUTURE  CAPITAL
NEEDS DUE TO CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS.
We  anticipate   requiring   additional   capital  to  fulfill  our  contractual
obligations (as noted in our audited financial statements)
 continue development
of our planned products to meet market evolution
 and execute our business plan.
We may use capital  more  rapidly than  currently  anticipated  and incur higher
                                       14

operating expenses than currently expected
  and we may be required to depend on
external  financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs.  We may need new
or  additional  financing in the future to conduct our  operations or expand our
business.  Any  sustained  weakness in the general  economic  conditions  and/or
financial  markets in the United States or globally could  adversely  affect our
ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all.
From time to time we have relied
  and may also rely in the future
 on access to
financial   markets  as  a  source  of  liquidity  to  satisfy  working  capital
requirements and for general corporate purposes. We may be unable to secure debt
or equity  financing on terms  acceptable  to us
 or at all
 at the time when we
need such funding.
If  we  do  raise  funds  by  issuing  additional  equity  or  convertible  debt
securities
 the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced
and the  securities  that we issue may have rights
  preferences  or  privileges
senior  to those of the  holders  of our  common  stock  or may be  issued  at a
discount to the market  price of our common stock which would result in dilution
to our existing stockholders.
If we  raise  additional  funds  by  issuing  debt
  we may be  subject  to debt
covenants
 which could place limitations on our operations including our ability
to declare and pay  dividends.  Our  inability  to raise  additional  funds on a
timely basis would make it difficult  for us to achieve our business  objectives
and would  have a  negative  impact on our  business
  financial  condition  and
results of operations.
OUR  BUSINESS  AND  OPERATING  RESULTS  COULD BE HARMED IF WE FAIL TO MANAGE OUR
GROWTH OR CHANGE.
Our business may  experience  periods of rapid change  and/or  growth that could
place significant demands on our personnel
  operating and financial  resources.
To manage  possible  growth  and  change
  we must  continue  to locate  skilled
professionals in the food and nutritional products industries and adequate funds
in a timely manner.
WE HAVE A LIMITED  OPERATING HISTORY AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN GROWING OUR
BUSINESS
  THEN WE MAY HAVE TO SCALE  BACK OR EVEN  CEASE OUR  ONGOING  BUSINESS
OPERATIONS.
We have achieved minimal revenues to date and have limited assets.  There can be
no assurance that we will ever operate  profitably.  We have a limited operating
history. Our success is significantly  dependent on the successful marketing and
sales of our food and  nutritional  products
  which cannot be  guaranteed.  Our
operations  will be  subject  to all the  risks  inherent  in the  uncertainties
arising from the absence of a significant  operating  history.  We may be unable
profitably  sell  our food  and  nutritional  products  and  thus  operate  on a
profitable  basis.  Potential  investors  should  be aware  of the  difficulties
normally  encountered by enterprises in the  development  stage. If our business
plan is not successful
 and we are not able to operate profitably
 investors may
lose some or all of their investment in our company.
IF OUR  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY IS NOT ADEQUATELY  PROTECTED
  THEN WE MAY NOT BE
ABLE TO COMPETE EFFECTIVELY AND WE MAY NOT BE PROFITABLE.
                                       15

Our commercial  success may depend
 in part
 on obtaining and maintaining patent
protection
   trade  secret   protection  and   regulatory   protection  of  our
technologies  and  products  as  well  as  successfully   defending  third-party
challenges to such  technologies  and  products.  We will be able to protect our
technologies and product from use by third parties only to the extent that valid
and enforceable patents
  trade secrets or regulatory  protection cover them and
we  have   exclusive   rights  to  use  them.  The  ability  of  our  licensors
collaborators and suppliers to maintain their patent rights against  third-party
challenges  to  their  validity
  scope  or  enforceability  will  also  play an
important role in determining our future.
The patent positions of technology related companies can be highly uncertain and
involve complex legal and factual questions that include  unresolved  principles
and  issues.  No  consistent  policy  regarding  the  breadth of claims  allowed
regarding such companies'  patents has emerged to date in the United States
 and
the patent situation  outside the United States is even more uncertain.  Changes
in either the patent  laws or in  interpretations  of patent  laws in the United
States or other countries may diminish the value of our  intellectual  property.
Accordingly
  we cannot  predict with any certainty the range of claims that may
be allowed or enforced concerning our patents.
We may also rely on trade secrets to protect our technologies
  especially where
we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However
 trade
secrets  are  difficult  to  protect.  While  we  seek to  protect  confidential
information
  in part
  through  confidentiality  agreements with our employees
consultants  and  scientific and other  advisors
  they may  unintentionally  or
willfully  disclose our information to competitors.  Enforcing a claim against a
third party related to the illegal  acquisition  and use of trade secrets can be
expensive and time consuming
 and the outcome is often unpredictable.  If we are
not able to maintain patent or trade secret  protection on our  technologies and
products
  then we may not be able to exclude  competitors  from  developing  or
marketing competing products
 and we may not be able to operate profitability.
IF WE ARE THE SUBJECT OF AN INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  INFRINGEMENT CLAIM
 THE COST
OF PARTICIPATING IN ANY LITIGATION COULD IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO STAY IN BUSINESS.
There has been
  and we  believe  that there will  continue  to be
  significant
litigation and demands for licenses in our industry  regarding  patent and other
intellectual  property rights.  Although we anticipate having a valid defense to
any  allegation  that  our  current  products
   production  methods  and  other
activities  infringe the valid and enforceable  intellectual  property rights of
any third  parties
  we cannot be certain that a third party will not  challenge
our position in the future.  Other  parties may own patent  rights that we might
infringe with our products or other  activities
  and our  competitors  or other
patent  holders  may  assert  that our  products  and the  methods we employ are
covered by their patents. These parties could bring claims against us that would
cause us to incur  substantial  litigation  expenses  and
  if  successful
  may
require us to pay substantial damages.  Some of our potential competitors may be
better able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation
  and depending on
the  circumstances
   we  could  be  forced  to  stop  or  delay  our  research
development
  manufacturing or sales activities. The impact of this could impact
our ability to stay in business.
                                       16

WE COULD LOSE OUR  COMPETITIVE  ADVANTAGES  IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO PROTECT ANY OF
OUR FOOD AND  NUTRITIONAL  PRODUCTS AND  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  RIGHTS  AGAINST
INFRINGEMENT
 AND ANY RELATED LITIGATION COULD BE TIME-CONSUMING AND COSTLY.
Our  success  and  ability to compete  depends  to a  significant  degree on our
licenses and the ability to use our food and nutritional products. If any of our
competitor's  copies  or  otherwise  gains  access  to any  of  our  competitive
advantages or develops  similar products  independently
  our ability to compete
would be negatively impacted.
We also consider our assigned  trademarks  invaluable to our ability to continue
to develop and maintain the goodwill and recognition associated with our brands.
These  and any  other  measures  that we may take to  protect  our  intellectual
property  rights
  which  presently are based upon a  combination  of copyright
trade  secret  and  trademark  laws
  may  not  be  adequate  to  prevent  their
unauthorized use.
Further
 the laws of foreign countries may provide inadequate protection of such
intellectual  property  rights.  We may need to bring legal claims to enforce or
protect such intellectual property rights. Any litigation
 whether successful or
unsuccessful
  could result in substantial costs and diversions of resources. In
addition
  notwithstanding  any  rights  we  have  secured  in our  intellectual
property
  other persons may bring claims  against us that we have  infringed on
their intellectual  property rights
  including claims based upon the content we
license  from  third  parties or claims  that our  intellectual  property  right
interests are not valid. Any claims against us
 with or without merit
  could be
time  consuming  and  costly to defend or  litigate
  divert our  attention  and
resources
  result in the loss of goodwill  associated with our service marks or
require us to make changes to our website or other of our technologies.
IF WE FAIL TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE OUR GROWTH OUR FUTURE BUSINESS RESULTS COULD BE
HARMED AND OUR MANAGERIAL AND OPERATIONAL RESOURCES MAY BE STRAINED.
As we  proceed  with  the  commercialization  of our  portfolio
  we  expect  to
experience  significant  and rapid  growth in the  scope and  complexity  of our
business.  We  will  need  to add  resources  to  market  our  services
  manage
operations
   handle  sales  and  marketing  efforts  and  perform  finance  and
accounting  functions.  We will be required to hire a broad range of  additional
personnel in order to successfully advance our operations. This growth is likely
to place a strain on our management and  operational  resources.  The failure to
develop  and  implement  effective  systems
  or to hire and  retain  sufficient
personnel for the  performance of all of the functions  necessary to effectively
service  and manage our  potential  business
  or the  failure to manage  growth
effectively
  could  have  a  materially  adverse  effect  on our  business  and
financial condition.
OUR SERVICES MAY BECOME  OBSOLETE AND  UNMARKETABLE  IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RESPOND
ADEQUATELY TO RAPIDLY CHANGING TECHNOLOGY AND CUSTOMER DEMANDS.
Our industry is characterized  by rapid changes in market demands.  As a result
our products may quickly become  obsolete and  unmarketable.  Our future success
will depend on our ability to adapt to and anticipate  market  demands
  develop
new  products  and enhance our current  products on a timely and  cost-effective
basis.  Further
  our  products  must  remain  competitive  with  those of other
                                       17

companies with substantially  greater resources.  We may experience technical or
other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development
  introduction or
marketing of new products or enhanced  versions of existing  products.  Also
 we
may not be able to adapt  new or  enhanced  services  to  comply  with  emerging
industry or governmental standards.
OUR FAILURE TO APPROPRIATELY RESPOND TO CHANGING CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DEMAND
FOR NEW PRODUCTS OR PRODUCT  ENHANCEMENTS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM PRODUCT SALES
AND HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
Our business is subject to changing consumer trends and preferences. Our success
depends on our ability to anticipate  and respond to these  changes
  and we may
not respond in a timely or commercially  appropriate manner to such changes. The
nutritional  supplement  industry is characterized by rapid and frequent changes
in demand new product  introductions  and  enhancements.  Our failure to predict
these trends could  negatively  impact consumer opinion of our products and thus
commercial success.
IF WE DO NOT INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS OR MAKE  ENHANCEMENTS TO ADEQUATELY MEET THE
CHANGING  NEEDS  OF OUR  CUSTOMERS
  SOME  OF OUR  PRODUCTS  COULD  FAIL  IN THE
MARKETPLACE
 WHICH COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR REVENUES
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
OPERATING RESULTS.
The business of marketing of food and nutritional products is highly competitive
and  sensitive  to  the   introduction  of  new  products
   including   various
prescription drugs
 which may rapidly capture a significant share of the market.
These market segments include numerous manufacturers
  distributors
  marketers
retailers and physicians that actively compete for the business of consumers. We
must  continually  adapt to  marketplace  demands  in order to avoid  negatively
impacting our results.
WE ARE AFFECTED BY LAWS AND GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS WITH POTENTIAL PENALTIES OR
CLAIMS
 WHICH COULD HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
The formulation
  manufacturing
 packaging
 labeling
 distribution
 advertising
licensing
   sale  and  storage  of  our  products  are  affected  by  laws  and
governmental regulations.
New regulations or changes in the  interpretations  of existing  regulations may
result in significant  compliance costs or  discontinuation of product sales and
may  negatively  impact the  marketing  of our  products
  resulting  in loss of
revenues. We are subject to FDA rules for current good manufacturing  practices
or GMPs
  for the  manufacture
  packing
  labeling  and holding of  nutritional
products distributed in the United States. We have retained supply partners that
maintain a comprehensive  quality  assurance  program  designed to address these
regulations.
If these  supply  partners  fail to comply with the GMPs and  regulations
  this
could negatively  impact our reputation and ability to sell products even though
we are not directly liable under the GMPs and regulations for such compliance.
SINCE WE RELY ON  INDEPENDENT  THIRD PARTIES FOR THE  MANUFACTURE  AND SUPPLY OF
CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS
 IF THESE THIRD PARTIES FAIL TO RELIABLY SUPPLY PRODUCTS
TO US AT REQUIRED  LEVELS OF QUALITY AND WHICH ARE  MANUFACTURED  IN  COMPLIANCE
                                       18

WITH APPLICABLE LAWS
 THEN OUR FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND OPERATING  RESULTS WOULD
BE HARMED.
We cannot be assured that our outside contract  manufacturers will continuously
reliably supply products to us at the levels of quality
  or the quantities
  we
require
  and in compliance with applicable laws
  including under the FDA's GMP
regulations.  Additionally
  while we are not  presently  aware  of any  current
liquidity issues with our suppliers
 we cannot be assured we will not experience
financial hardship or capacity constraints in future that could interrupt supply
and thus our ability to profitably market our products.
WE MAY INCUR MATERIAL PRODUCT LIABILITY  CLAIMS
  WHICH COULD INCREASE OUR COSTS
AND HARM OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.
We rely upon published and unpublished  safety  information  including  clinical
studies  on  ingredients  used  in  our  products.  Previously  unknown  adverse
reactions  resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could occur. As
a marketer of dietary and  nutritional  supplements  and other products that are
ingested by consumers or applied to their bodies
 we may be subjected to various
product liability claims
 including that the products contain contaminants
  the
products  include  inadequate  instructions  as to their uses
  or the  products
include inadequate  warnings concerning side effects and interactions with other
substances.  It is possible  that  widespread  product  liability  claims  could
increase our costs
  and  adversely  affect our revenues and  operating  income.
Moreover
 liability claims arising from a serious adverse event may increase our
costs through higher insurance  premiums and  deductibles
  and may make it more
difficult to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future.
UNLESS WE CAN  GENERATE  SUFFICIENT  CASH FROM  OPERATIONS  OR RAISE  ADDITIONAL
FUNDS
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MEET OUR DEBT OBLIGATIONS;
On May 1
 2014
  the Company  obtained a short term loan of  $200
000  from Rene
Arseneault.  The loan bears  interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
  payable on
maturity
  calculated on the principle amount of the loan outstanding.  The loan
was due on April 30
  2015
  was  extended  to  October  31
  2105 and while now
technically in default
 the parties to the obligation are working co-operatively
to finalize  the terms of  repayment.  On July 21
  2014
  the Company  obtained
another short term loan of $100
000 from 1169822 Ontario Limited. The loan bears
interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
  payable on maturity
  calculated on the
principle  amount  of the loan  outstanding.  The loan and  accrued  and  unpaid
interest  was  extended to May 31
  2016.  And on November 2
 2015
  the company
obtained  another  short  term loan of  $180
000  from  Continental  Ingredients
Incorporated.  The loan bears  interest at the rate of 8% per annum
  payable on
maturity
  calculated on the principle  amount of the loan  outstanding.  Unless
paid earlier
  the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full
on November 2
 2016.  As of November  30
  2015
  all three short term loans are
still outstanding. The accrued interest expense is $37
415 ($25
333
 $10
882 and
$1
200  respectively).  As noted in the section  entitled  Key  Developments  in
Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2016 to the Date of this Report
 in addition to the debts
noted above
 we entered into Securities  Purchase  Agreements  Dated January 29
2016 and February 29
 2016 for proceeds of $250
000 and  $200
000
  on the terms
as described.
                                       19

Our company had $187
886 in cash at the end of November 30
 2015.  Unless we are
able to generate cash from the sale of product or obtain long term financing
 we
may not be able to fulfill our obligation to pay off the loans.
OUR CUSTOMERS  GENERALLY ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO CONTINUE  PURCHASING PRODUCTS FROM
US
Many of our customers buy from us under purchase orders
 and we generally do not
have  long-term  agreements  with or  commitments  from these  customers for the
purchase of  products.  We cannot  provide  assurance  that our  customers  will
maintain or increase their sales volumes or orders for the products  supplied by
us or that we will be able to maintain  or add to our  existing  customer  base.
Decreases in our customers' sales volumes or orders for products  supplied by us
may have a material  adverse  effect on our  business
  financial  condition  or
results of operations.
IF WE DO NOT MANAGE OUR SUPPLY CHAIN  EFFECTIVELY
  OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE
ADVERSELY AFFECTED
Our supply chain is complex.  We rely on suppliers for our raw materials and for
the  manufacturing
  processing
  packaging  and  distribution  of  many  of our
products.  The inability of any of these  suppliers to deliver or perform for us
in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to rise and
our margins to fall. We must continuously  monitor our inventory and product mix
against  forecasted demand or risk having  inadequate  supplies to meet consumer
demand as well as having too much inventory that may reach its expiration  date.
If we are unable to manage  our supply  chain  efficiently  and ensure  that our
products are  available  to meet  consumer  demand
  our  operating  costs could
increase and our margins could fall.
RISKS RELATING TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR SECURITIES
OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE
 WHICH MAY RESULT IN LOSSES TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS.
The  stock  markets  have  experienced  significant  price  and  trading  volume
fluctuations
  and the market prices of companies  listed on the OTCQB quotation
system in which shares of our common stock are listed
 have been volatile in the
past and have  experienced  sharp share price and trading  volume  changes.  The
trading  price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could  fluctuate
widely in response to many factors
  including the following
  some of which are
beyond our control:
     *    variations in our operating results;
     *    changes in expectations of our future financial performance
 including
          financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
     *    changes in operating and stock price performance of other companies in
          our industry;
     *    additions or departures of key personnel; and
     *    future sales of our common stock.
Domestic and international stock markets often experience  significant price and
volume  fluctuations.  These  fluctuations
  as well  as  general  economic  and
political  conditions  unrelated to our  performance
  may adversely  affect the
price of our common stock.
                                       20

OUR COMMON SHARES ARE THINLY TRADED AND OUR  SHAREHOLDERS  MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL
AT OR NEAR ASK PRICES
 OR AT ALL.
We cannot  predict the extent to which an active  public  market for trading our
common stock will be sustained.  Our shares have  historically been sporadically
or  thinly-traded  meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
our common  shares at or near bid prices at certain given time may be relatively
small or non-existent.
This situation is attributable  to a number of factors
  including the fact that
we are a small company in its development  phase which is relatively  unknown to
stock  analysts
  stock  brokers
  institutional  investors  and  others  in the
investment  community who generate or influence sales volume. Even if we came to
the  attention  of such  persons
  those  persons  may be  reluctant  to follow
purchase
  or recommend  the  purchase of shares of an unproven  company such as
ours until such time as we become more  seasoned and viable.  As a  consequence
there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares
is minimal or  non-existent
  as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large
and steady volume of trading  activity that will  generally  support  continuous
trades  without an adverse  effect on share  price.  We cannot be assured that a
broader or more active public  trading  market for our common stock will develop
or be sustained
 or that current trading levels will be sustained.
THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON STOCK IS PARTICULARLY  VOLATILE GIVEN OUR STATUS
AS A  RELATIVELY  SMALL  AND  DEVELOPING  COMPANY
  WHICH  COULD  LEAD  TO  WIDE
FLUCTUATIONS  IN OUR SHARE PRICE.  OUR  SHAREHOLDERS  MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL YOUR
COMMON  STOCK AT OR ABOVE  YOUR  PURCHASE  PRICE IF AT ALL
  WHICH MAY RESULT IN
SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES TO YOU.
Shareholders  should be aware that
  according to SEC Release No. 34-29093
  the
market for penny stock/over the counter stocks has suffered in recent years from
patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for
the  security  by one or a few  broker-dealers  that are  often  related  to the
promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through  prearranged  matching of
purchases and sales and false and  misleading  press  releases;  (3) boiler room
practices   involving   high-pressure   sales  tactics  and  unrealistic   price
projections  by  inexperienced  sales  persons;  (4) excessive  and  undisclosed
bid-ask  differential  and  markups  by  selling  broker-dealers;  and  (5)  the
wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and  broker-dealers  after
prices  have been  manipulated  to a desired  level
  along  with the  resulting
inevitable  collapse of those prices and with consequent  investor  losses.  The
occurrence of these  patterns or practices  could increase the volatility of our
share price and there can be no assurance  that our shares could not be impacted
by these practices.
WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDENDS TO OUR COMMON SHAREHOLDERS AND AS
A RESULT SHAREHOLDERS MAY ONLY REALIZE A RETURN WHEN THE SHARES ARE SOLD.
We presently do not  anticipate  that we will pay dividends on any of our common
stock in the  foreseeable  future.  If payment of  dividends  does occur at some
point in the future
  it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
  if
any
 capital requirements
  and general financial condition.  The payment of any
common stock  dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors.
We  presently  intend to retain all earnings to  implement  our  business  plan;
                                       21

accordingly
  we do not anticipate  the  declaration of any dividends for common
stock in the foreseeable future.
WE ARE LISTED ON THE OTCQB  QUOTATION  SYSTEM AND OUR COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO
PENNY  STOCK  RULES  WHICH  COULD  NEGATIVELY  IMPACT  OUR  LIQUIDITY  AND OUR
SHAREHOLDERS' ABILITY TO SELL THEIR SHARES.
Our common stock is currently  quoted on the OTCQB. We must comply with numerous
NASDAQ MarketPlace rules in order to maintain the listing of our common stock on
the  OTCQB.  There  can  be no  assurance  that  we can  continue  to  meet  the
requirements to maintain the quotation on the OTCQB listing of our common stock.
If we are unable to maintain our listing on the OTCQB
  the market  liquidity of
our common stock may be severely limited.
VOLATILITY IN OUR COMMON SHARE PRICE MAY SUBJECT US TO SECURITIES LITIGATION.
The market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility
as  compared  to  seasoned  issuers
  and we expect  that our share  price  will
continue to be more volatile than a seasoned  issuer for the indefinite  future.
In the past
  plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation
against a company  following  periods of  volatility  in the market price of its
securities.  We  may
  in the  future
  be the  target  of  similar  litigation.
Securities  litigation  could result in substantial  costs and  liabilities  and
could divert  management's  attention  and  resources  and impact our ability to
operate as a going concern.
THE  ELIMINATION  OF MONETARY  LIABILITY  AGAINST OUR  DIRECTORS
  OFFICERS  AND
EMPLOYEES  UNDER NEVADA LAW AND THE EXISTENCE OF  INDEMNIFICATION  RIGHTS OF OUR
DIRECTORS
  OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES MAY RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL EXPENDITURES BY OUR
COMPANY  AND  MAY  DISCOURAGE  LAWSUITS  AGAINST  OUR  DIRECTORS
  OFFICERS  AND
EMPLOYEES.
Our Articles of Incorporation  contains a specific provision that eliminates the
liability of our directors and officers for monetary  damages to our company and
shareholders.  Further
  we are  prepared  to give such  indemnification  to our
directors  and  officers to the extent  provided  for by Nevada law. We may also
have contractual  indemnification  obligations  under our employment  agreements
with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our
company  incurring  substantial  expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or
damage awards against directors and officers
  which we may be unable to recoup.
These  provisions  and  resultant  costs may also  discourage  our company  from
bringing  a  lawsuit  against  directors  and  officers  for  breaches  of their
fiduciary  duties
  and  may  similarly  discourage  the  filing  of  derivative
litigation  by our  shareholders  against our directors and officers even though
such  actions
   if  successful
   might  otherwise   benefit  our  company  and
shareholders.
OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGING  REGULATIONS RELATED TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
AND  PUBLIC  DISCLOSURE  THAT  HAVE  INCREASED  BOTH OUR  COSTS  AND THE RISK OF
NONCOMPLIANCE.
Because our common stock is publicly traded
 we are subject to certain rules and
regulations of federal
  state and financial  market exchange  entities  charged
with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities
are publicly  traded.  These entities
  including the Public Company  Accounting
Oversight Board
 the SEC and FINRA
 have issued requirements and regulations and
                                       22

continue  to develop  additional  regulations  and  requirements  in response to
corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress
 most notably the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. Our efforts to comply with these  regulations have resulted in
 and
are likely to  continue  resulting  in
  increased  general  and  administrative
expenses and diversion of management time and attention from  revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities.  Because new and modified laws
 regulations
and standards are subject to varying  interpretations in many cases due to their
lack of specificity
  their  application in practice may evolve over time as new
guidance is provided by regulatory  and  governing  bodies.  This  evolution may
result in continuing  uncertainty  regarding  compliance  matters and additional
costs  necessitated  by  ongoing  revisions  to our  disclosure  and  governance
practices.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
We do not  currently  own any  property  and we  currently  have  no  investment
policies as they  pertain to real estate
  real estate  interests or real estate
mortgages.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We are not currently  involved in any legal  proceedings and we are not aware of
any pending or potential legal actions.
ITEM 4. MINING SAFETY DISCLOSURES
None.
                                     PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
        PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Since July 8
 2013 our shares have been  approved  for trading  under the symbol
TDNT.  As of the date of this filing
  there has been no active trading of our
securities
 and
 therefore
 no high and low bid pricing.
The OTCQB is a regulated  quotation service that displays real-time quotes
 last
sale prices and volume  information in  over-the-counter  (OTC) securities.  The
OTCBB is not an issuer listing service
  market or exchange.  Although the OTCBB
does not have any listing  requirements  per se
 to be eligible for quotation on
the  OTCBB
  issuers  must  remain  current  in  their  filings  with the SEC or
applicable  regulatory  authority.  Market  Makers  are not  permitted  to begin
quotation  of a security  whose  issuer does not meet this  filing  requirement.
Securities  already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required
filings  will be removed  following  a 30 or 60 day grace  period if they do not
make their required filing during that time.
                                       23

As of November 30
  2015
  we had  28
000
000  Shares of $0.001 par value common
stock issued and outstanding held by 35 shareholders of record.
Of the  28
000
000  shares of common stock  outstanding as of November 30
 2015
10
000
000  shares are owned by Mark  Holcombe
  a former  officer  and  current
director
  and may only be resold in compliance  with Rule 144 of the Securities
Act of 1933.
The stock transfer agent for our securities is Action Stock Transfer.
DIVIDENDS
We have never declared or paid any cash  dividends on our common stock.  For the
foreseeable  future
 we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development
and  expansion  of our  business
  and  we do not  anticipate  paying  any  cash
dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be
at the  discretion  of the Board of Directors  and will be  dependent  upon then
existing   conditions
   including  our  financial   condition  and  results  of
operations
 capital requirements
  contractual restrictions
 business prospects
and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant.
SECTION RULE 15(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
The Company's shares are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
  as amended that imposes  additional  sales  practice  requirements  on
broker/dealers  who sell such  securities  to  persons  other  than  established
customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess
of  $5
000
000 or  individuals  with net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual
income  exceeding  $200
000  or  $300
000  jointly  with  their  spouses).   For
transactions  covered  by the  Rule
  the  broker/dealer  must  make  a  special
suitability  determination  for the purchase and have  received the  purchaser's
written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale.  Consequently
  the Rule
may affect the ability of  broker/dealers  to sell our  securities  and also may
affect your ability to sell your shares in the secondary market.
Section  15(g)  also  imposes   additional   sales  practice   requirements   on
broker/dealers who sell penny securities. These rules require a one page summary
of certain  essential  items.  The items  include the risk of investing in penny
stocks in both public offerings and secondary  marketing;  terms important to in
understanding  of the  function  of the penny  stock  market
  such as bid and
offer  quotes
  a  dealers  spread  and  broker/dealer   compensation;   the
broker/dealer   compensation
   the  broker/dealers  duties  to  its  customers
including the disclosures  required by any other penny stock  disclosure  rules;
and the  customers  rights  and  remedies  in  causes  of fraud  in penny  stock
transactions.
SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS
As of November 30
 2015
 we have issued the following  securities under our 2013
Stock Option Plan:
                                       24




                            Number of                        Exercise                       Vesting from
  Name and Position          Options       Date of Grant      Price         Expiration      Date of Grant
  -----------------          -------       -------------      -----         ----------      -------------
1. Michael Browne            375
000        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   (former                   125
000        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       August 2016
   President)
 Brand         125
000        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       August 2017
   Director
 Chief
   Financial  Officer
   Treasurer and
   Secretary
2. Donald MacPhee            100
000        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   President & CEO
          100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
   Director
 Chair of        100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
   the Audit Committee
   and member of the
   Corporate Governance
   Committee
3. Scott Chapman             100
000        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   Director
  Chair of       100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
   Corporate Governance      100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
   Committee
4. Mark Holcombe             100
000        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   Director
 Chairman        100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
   of the Board of           100
000        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
   Directors and Chairman
   of the Compensation
   Committee
5. Peter Salvo                50
000        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   Controller                 50
000        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
                              50
000        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
6. Robert Campbell           116
666        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   Special Advisor           116
666        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
                             116
667        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
7. Karen Arseneault          116
666        May 5
 2014       $0.75        May 5
 2019       12 months
   Special Advisor           116
666        May 5
 2014       $1.00        May 5
 2019       24 months
                             116
667        May 5
 2014       $1.50        May 5
 2019       36 months
   TOTAL:                  2
375
000

SECTION 16(a)
Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 furnished by us under Rule  16a-3(d)
of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934
 we are not aware of any individual who
failed to file a required  report on a timely basis required by Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
                                       25

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS
There were no shares of common stock or other securities issued to the issuer or
affiliated purchasers during the year ended November 30
 2015.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
FORWARD-LOOKING FINANCIAL INFORMATION
This Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  (MD&A) section  provides  analysis of our operations and financial
position for the fiscal year ended  November  30
 2015 and includes  information
available  to  March  11
  2015
  unless  otherwise   indicated  herein.  It  is
supplementary   information   and  should  be  read  in  conjunction   with  the
Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.
Certain  statements  contained  in  this  MD&A  may  constitute  forward-looking
statements as defined under  securities  laws.  Forward-looking  statements  may
relate to our future outlook and  anticipated  events or results and may include
statements regarding our future financial position
  business strategy
 budgets
litigation
  projected costs
 capital  expenditures
  financial results
  taxes
plans  and  objectives.  In  some  cases
   forward-looking  statements  can  be
identified  by terms  such as  anticipate
  estimate
  intend
  project
potential
   continue
  believe
  expect
  could
  would
  should
might
   plan
  will
  may
  predict
  or  other  similar  expressions
concerning   matters  that  are  not  historical   facts.   To  the  extent  any
forward-looking  statements  contain  future-oriented  financial  information or
financial  outlooks
  such  information  is being provided to enable a reader to
assess our financial condition
 material changes in our financial condition
 our
results of  operations
  and our  liquidity and capital  resources.  Readers are
cautioned that this  information  may not be appropriate  for any other purpose
including investment decisions.
Forward-looking  statements  contained in this MD&A are based on certain factors
and assumptions regarding expected growth
  results of operations
  performance
and business prospects and opportunities. While we consider these assumptions to
be reasonable
  based on information  currently available
  they may prove to be
incorrect.  Forward-looking  statements  are also  subject to  certain  factors
including  risks and  uncertainties  that could cause  actual  results to differ
materially from what we currently expect. These factors are more fully described
in the Risk Factors section at Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
The  preparation  of financial  statements  in  conformity  with U.S.  generally
accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make certain
estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets and
liabilities
  related  revenues and  expenses
  and  disclosure of gain and loss
                                       26

contingencies  at the  date  of the  financial  statements.  The  estimates  and
assumptions  made  require  us to  exercise  our  judgment  and are based on our
experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable  under the
circumstances.  We continually  evaluate the information that forms the basis of
our  estimates  and  assumptions  as our business  and the business  environment
generally changes.  The following are the accounting  estimates which we believe
to be most important to our business.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
We recognize  revenue at the time of delivery of the product and when all of the
following  have  occurred:  a sales  agreement  is in  place;  price is fixed or
determinable;  and  collection is  reasonably  assured.  Consideration  given to
customers such as value incentives
  rebates
  early payment discounts and other
discounts are recorded as reductions to revenues at the time of sale.
INVENTORY
Inventory is our largest current asset other than Cash and consists primarily of
raw materials and finished  goods held for sale.  Inventories  are valued at the
lower of cost
  measured  on a  first-in
  first out  basis
  or  estimated  net
realizable  value.  In order to determine  the value of inventory at the balance
sheet  date
  we  evaluate a number of  factors to  determine  the  adequacy  of
provisions for inventory. These factors include the age of inventory
 the amount
of inventory held by type
  future demand for products
  and the expected future
selling price we expect to realize by selling the  inventory.  Our estimates are
judgmental  in  nature  and  are  made  at a  point  in  time
  using  available
information
  expected  business  plans
  and expected market  conditions.  As a
result
 the actual amount received on sale could differ from our estimated value
of inventory.
INCOME TAXES
We are liable for income taxes in jurisdictions where we operate.  Our effective
tax rate may differ from the  statutory tax rate and will vary from year to year
primarily as a result of any  permanent  differences
  investment  and other tax
credits
 as well as the provision for income taxes at different rates in various
jurisdictions.  In making an  estimate  of our  income tax  liability
  we first
assess   which  items  of  income  and  expense  are  taxable  in  a  particular
jurisdiction.  This  process  involves  a  determination  of the amount of taxes
currently  payable as well as the  assessment of the effect of temporary  timing
differences  resulting from different  treatment of items for accounting and tax
purposes.  These  differences in the timing of the  recognition of income or the
deductibility  of expenses may result in deferred  income tax balances  that are
recorded as assets or liabilities  as the case may be on our balance  sheet.  We
also  estimate  the amount of valuation  allowance to maintain  relating to loss
carry  forwards  and  other  balances  that can be used to reduce  future  taxes
payable.  We assess the  likelihood  of the  ultimate  realization  of these tax
assets by looking at the  relative  size of the tax  assets in  relation  to the
profitability  of the  businesses  and the  jurisdiction  to  which  they can be
applied
 the number of years based on management's  estimate it will take to use
the tax  assets  and any  other  special  circumstances.  Given our  history  of
operating  losses we have taken a valuation  allowance  to offset the  potential
future value of loss carry-forwards.
                                       27

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
We  maintain  a stock  incentive  plan  under  which  stock  options  and  other
stock-based  awards may be granted to selected  officer
  directors  and service
providers.  For grants of stock options
 we are required to estimate a number of
inputs at each grant date
  such as the  estimated  life of the  option
  future
stock  price  volatility
  and the  forfeiture  rate  used in the  Black-Scholes
option-pricing  model to  determine  a fair  value for the  options  granted  to
employees or non-employee directors. Once determined at the grant date
 the fair
value of the stock  option  award is  recorded  over the  vesting  period of the
options granted.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2015 AND NOVEMBER
30
 2014
The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements for the three month periods ended November
30 2015 and 2014
 and the fiscal years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014.
Our operating  results for twelve month periods ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
are summarized as follows:
                                             Twelve Months        Twelve Months
                                                Ended                Ended
                                                Nov 30
              Nov 30
                                                 2015                 2014
                                             ------------         ------------
Revenues                                     $     16
569         $        479
Cost of Goods                                $      9
951         $        305
Operating Expenses                           $  2
286
348         $    387
158
Other Expenses                               $    890
094         $    122
215
Net Income (Loss)                            $ (3
169
824)        $   (509
199)
REVENUES
We have generated very limited revenues since our inception on November 5
 2007.
Revenues  increased  in 2015 as we  commenced  commercialization  of our product
offering  and we expect  this to  continue  in 2016 and beyond as we ramp-up the
commercialization  of our  Everlast(R)
  Brain Armor(R) and Oceans Omega branded
product offerings.
OPERATING EXPENSES
Our operating expenses twelve month periods ended November 30
 2015 and 2014 are
outlined in the table below:
                                             Twelve Months        Twelve Months
                                                Ended                Ended
                                                Nov 30
              Nov 30
                                                 2015                 2014
                                             ------------         ------------
Professional Fees                            $    270
781         $    130
383
General & Administrative Expenses            $    981
211         $     36
617
Marketing
 Selling & Warehousing Expenses    $    878
479         $    108
265
Management Salary                            $     75
000         $     56
000
Director's Fees                              $     72
000         $     48
000
Rent                                         $      8
877         $      7
893
                                       28

Operating  expenses for the twelve  month  period  ended  November 30
 2015 were
$2
286
348  as compared  to  $387
158  for the  comparative  period in 2014
  an
increase  of  approximately  590%.  The  increase in our  operating  expenses is
primarily due to an increased marketing and promotional  expenses
  professional
fees and general and  administrative  costs as we build and roll-out our product
offerings
  as well as increased  stock option  compensation  expense related to
options  issued in 2014.  These  costs are  expected  to  continue  to  increase
throughout  2016  as we  continue  to  develop  and  commercialize  our  product
offerings.
OTHER EXPENSES
Other  expenses for the twelve month period ended November 30
 2015 increased to
$890
094 versus $122
215 in the comparative period in 2014. The increase was due
to  increased  interest  expense of  approximately  $650
000  due to higher debt
levels  and the  impact of the  beneficial  conversion  feature  related  to the
convertible  note entered into in 2015
 plus an increase in royalties as per the
terms of the Everlast(R) License Agreement.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our cash  balance at November  30
 2015 was  $187
886.  Management  believes the
current  funds  available  to the  company  will not be  sufficient  to fund our
operations for the next twelve months.  We are an early growth stage company and
generated only $16
569 in revenue in 2015.
On January 29
  2015
  we entered into a securities  purchase  agreement  with a
non-US  institutional  investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal
amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
  convertible into
shares of the company's  common stock. We received  $1
800
000 of the funds from
the transaction on February 5
 2015 and the balance of $500
000 on May 14
 2015.
The convertible  debentures are convertible  into shares of the Company's common
stock at an initial  conversion  price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up
to  3
239
437  shares.  The  debentures  bear  interest  at 6%  per  annum.  The
applicable portion of the Principal Amount and the Interest outstanding shall be
due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the applicable  issuance date
or such other time as the parties agree upon.  The accrued  interest  expense is
$104
442.
Subsequent  to year end on January 29
 2016 and February  29
  2016
  we entered
into Securities Purchase Agreements whereby we received proceeds of $250
000 and
$200
000 in return for secured  promissory notes of $250
000 and $200
000 due 12
months from the issuance  date
  bearing  interest at the rate of 10% per annum
and 125
000 and 100
000  warrants  respectively to purchase common shares of our
Company at an exercise price of $1.35 per share for three years from the date of
issue.
Going  forward we expect to  continue  to need to raise  funds via both debt and
equity offerings to support the anticipated growth of our business.
                                       29

PLAN OF OPERATION
CASH REQUIREMENTS
Over the next 12 months we intend to carry on business as a food and nutritional
products company.  We anticipate that we will incur the following cash operating
expenses during this period:
              ESTIMATED FUNDING REQUIRED DURING THE NEXT 12 MONTHS
                    Expense                                Amount ($)
                    -------                                ----------
            Professional fees                                260
000
            Consulting/Advisor fees                          480
000
            Rent                                              30
000
            Sales
 Travel and Marketing                    1
015
000
            Other general administrative expenses            520
000
            Royalty obligations (1)                          415
000
                                                           ---------
            TOTAL                                          2
720
000
                                                           =========
----------
(1)  Due in part to the Trade Mark  License  Agreement  of June 4
 2013 that was
     assigned to us in the assignment Agreement dated December 23
 2013.
We will require funds of approximately $2
720
000 over the next twelve months to
operate our business.  We do not anticipate the purchase or sale of any plant or
significant equipment during the next 12 months.
These funds may be raised through equity  financing
  debt  financing
  or other
sources
  which may result in further  dilution in the equity  ownership  of our
shares.  There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain  operations at a
level  sufficient for an investor to obtain a return on their  investment in our
common stock. Further
 we may continue to be unprofitable.
GOING CONCERN
The accompanying  financial  statements included in this Form 10-K are presented
on a going  concern  basis.  There is  substantial  doubt  about our  ability to
continue as a going concern.
As shown in the accompanying  financial statements
  we have incurred net losses
of $3
800
118 since inception. This condition raises substantial doubt as to our
ability to continue as a going concern. In response to these conditions
  we may
raise  additional  capital  through  the sale of equity  securities
  through an
offering of debt securities or through borrowings from financial institutions or
individuals.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.
                                       30

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
We do not have any off-balance  sheet  arrangements  that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial  condition
  revenues or expenses
  results of operations
  liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide this information.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  required  by this  item are set  forth
immediately following the signature page to this Form 10-K.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A (T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Under the supervision and with the  participation  of our management
  including
our principal  executive officer and the principal  financial  officer
  we have
conducted an evaluation of the  effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures
  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the  Securities  and  Exchange  Act of 1934
  as of the end of the  period
covered  by this  report.  Based on this  evaluation
  our  principal  executive
officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that
our  disclosure  controls and  procedures  were effective such that the material
information  required to be included in our Securities  and Exchange  Commission
reports  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to our  management
  including  our
principal executive and financial officer
 recorded
  processed
  summarized and
reported  within the time periods  specified in SEC rules and forms  relating to
our company
 particularly during the period when this report was being prepared.
MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)  under the  Exchange  Act
  for the  Company.  Internal  control  over
financial  reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to
the  maintenance  of records that
 in reasonable  detail
  accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;  (2) provide reasonable
assurance that  transactions are recorded as necessary to permit  preparation of
financial   statements  in  accordance   with  generally   accepted   accounting
principles
  and that our  receipts  and  expenditures  are  being  made only in
accordance with authorizations of its management and directors;  and (3) provide
                                       31

reasonable  assurance  regarding  prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition
  use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.
Management  recognizes that there are inherent  limitations in the effectiveness
of any system of internal  control
  and  accordingly
  even effective  internal
control  can  provide  only  reasonable  assurance  with  respect  to  financial
statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material  misstatements.  In
addition
  effective  internal control at a point in time may become ineffective
in future periods  because of changes in conditions or due to  deterioration  in
the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.
A material weakness is a significant  deficiency
  or combination of significant
deficiencies
  that results in there being a more than remote  likelihood that a
material  misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be
prevented or detected.
Under the supervision and with the  participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and  Chief  Financial  Officer
   management  conducted  an  evaluation  of  the
effectiveness  of our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting
  as of the
Evaluation Date
 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring  Organizations  of the Treadway
Commission  (COSO).  Based on its evaluation  under this  framework
  management
concluded that our internal  control over financial  reporting was not effective
as of the Evaluation Date and identified the following material weaknesses:
INSUFFICIENT RESOURCES: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite
expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting.
INADEQUATE  SEGREGATION OF DUTIES:  We have an inadequate number of personnel to
properly implement control procedures.
LACK OF AUDIT COMMITTEE & OUTSIDE DIRECTORS ON THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
We do not  have a  functioning  audit  committee  or  outside  directors  on the
Company's  Board  of  Directors
  resulting  in  ineffective  oversight  in  the
establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures.
Management is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) continue
to use third party  specialists to address  shortfalls in staffing and to assist
the Company  with  accounting  and finance  responsibilities
  (2)  increase the
frequency of  independent  reconciliations  of  significant  accounts which will
mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient  personnel
and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit committee members in
the future.
Management has discussed the material  weakness noted above with our independent
registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material  weakness
there  is a more  than  remote  likelihood  that  misstatements  which  could be
material to the annual or interim  financial  statements  could occur that would
not be prevented or detected.
This  Annual  Report does not include an  attestation  report of our  registered
public  accounting  firm regarding  internal  control over financial  reporting.
Management's  report was not subject to attestation by the our registered public
                                       32

accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management's report in this annual report.
Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred  during the last fiscal  quarter for our fiscal year ended November 30
2015 that have  materially  affected
  or are  reasonably  likely to  materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
None.
                                    PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The following sets forth information about our directors and executive  officers
as of the date of this report:
     Name             Age                          Position
     ----             ---                          --------
Mark Holcombe (1)     44    Director
  Chair  of the  Board  of  Directors  and
                            Chair of the Compensation Committee.
Donald MacPhee (2)    54    President & CEO (effective  December 15
 2015)
                            Director
 Chair of the Audit Committee and member
                            of the Corporate Governance Committee.
Scott Chapman (3)     52    Director
  member of the Audit Committee and Chair
                            of  the Corporate Governance Committee
Michael Browne (4)    54    Brand  Director
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
                            and Secretary
 (served as President through
                            December 15
 2015).
Peter Salvo (5)       61    Controller.
----------
(1)  Mark  Holcombe  was  appointed  as a Director of our company on November 5
     2007 and  served  as Chief  Executive  Officer
  President
  Secretary  and
     Treasurer  through  March 21
  2014. H also serves as Chair of the Board of
     Directors and as Chair of the Compensation Committee.
(2)  Donald  MacPhee was appointed as President and CEO on December 15
 2015 and
     as a Director and to his other roles with our Company on March 21
 2014.
(3)  Scott  Chapman  was  appointed  as a Director  and Chair of the  Governance
     Committee of our company on March 21
 2014.
(4)  Michael  Browne was  appointed  Brand  Director on November 30
 2015 and as
     Chief  Financial  Officer
  Treasurer and Secretary of our company on March
     21
 2014. He resigned as President of the Company on December 15
 2015.
(5)  Peter Salvo was appointed as a Controller of our company on March 21
 2014.
                                       33

Our  directors  will serve in that  capacity  until our next annual  shareholder
meeting or until their successor is elected or appointed and qualified. Officers
hold  their  positions  at the will of our  Board  of  Directors.  There  are no
arrangements
  agreements  or  understandings  between  non-management  security
holders and management under which non-management  security holders may directly
or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs.
MARK  HOLCOMBE
  DIRECTOR
  CHAIR OF THE  BOARD OF  DIRECTORS  AND  CHAIR OF THE
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE.
Mr. Mark Holcombe is experienced in corporate and investment banking
  corporate
development and asset management.  Mr. Holcombe has over 23 years of banking and
corporate  finance  experience.  He has significant  experience in M&A advisory
corporate  restructurings  and public and  private  debt and equity  financings.
Formerly
 Mr. Holcombe was Managing Partner of Stirling Partners (Bahamas) Ltd.
Formerly
  he was a Senior  Advisor to  Providence  Advisors  Limited
  Managing
Director and Head of Asset Management for Madison Williams Holdings
  LLC in New
York  City  and  Head of  Corporate  Development/Private  Equity  of GEM  Global
Equities  Management S.A. Also
 He has worked as a senior  investment  banker at
Global   Hunter   Securities
   Donaldson
   Lufkin   and   Jenrette
   Gleacher
NatWest/NatWest  Markets
  and ING Capital.  Mr. Holcombe  presently serves as a
Director of Asante Gold Corporation.
Mr.  Holcombe  holds a B.A.  from  Colgate  University  and  graduated  from the
Chemical Bank Corporate Finance Analyst Training Program.
DONALD MACPHEE
 PRESIDENT & CEO
 DIRECTOR
 CHAIR OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
Donald MacPhee  assumed the President and CEO role effective  December 15
 2015.
Mr. MacPhee co-founded  Continental  Ingredients in 1994 and played a major role
in taking the company from $650
000 in revenue to over $50 million today. He has
over 30 years of experience in the food and beverage  ingredient  industry.  Don
has worked closely with major North American food and beverage  manufacturers to
develop new products for their portfolios.
Mr.  MacPhee  holds a business  administration  and  marketing  degree  from St.
Lawrence College.
SCOTT CHAPMAN
 DIRECTOR
 CHAIR OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
Scott  Chapman is an  investment  professional  with over 20 years of experience
both in Canada  and  internationally.  Mr.  Chapman  has  acted as  senior  vice
president with Verdmont Capital (Panama City
 Panama); senior partner with Lines
Overseas Management (Bermuda
 Bahamas); and in institutional
  retail sales with
Midland Walwyn (Montreal
 Quebec).
                                       34

Across numerous financial sectors
 Mr. Chapman's  responsibilities have included
corporate finance
 venture capital
 institutional and retail sales.
From  April  2009 to  present
  Mr.  Chapman  has  been the  owner  of  Hyperion
Management. Hyperion is in the business of venture capital
 marketing
 corporate
governance and sports management.  From Jun 2007 to August 2009
 Mr. Chapman was
the Senior Vice President of Verdmont  Capital.  While at Verdmont
  he traded a
$300m  client  asset  base  for  the  full-service   securities  and  investment
management firm
  including all U.S.
  Canadian
  European and Asian markets
 in
addition to raising capital for numerous private and public companies.
Mr. Chapman is a native of Montreal
 Quebec educated at Concordia University and
has  recently  returned  to Montreal  after 10 years of working in Bermuda
  the
Bahamas and Panama.
MICHAEL BROWNE
 BRAND DIRECTOR
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
 TREASURER AND SECRETARY
Michael Browne is a sales and marketing professional with a leadership resume in
industry-leading  consumer products companies:  Kellogg
  Frito-Lay
  Mars Inc.
MillerCoors LLC. Mr. Browne has managed power brands in the categories of: ready
to eat cereal
  salty snacks
  confectionery
  mainstream and specialty beer. He
has  over 25  years'  business  experience  spanning  both  North  American  and
international markets.
From  September 2003 to November 2010
 Mr. Browne was employed by MillerCoors in
various positions. Most recently
 he was the Vice President of Marketing for the
above premium  portfolio from August 2008 to November 2010. As Vice President of
Marketing
 Mr. Browne lead the above premium portfolio including key brands that
included Blue Moon
 Leinenkugel
  Molson
 and SAB international imports (Peroni
Pilsner Urquell
  Grolsch)
 and super premium brands (Sparks
 Miller Chill). Mr.
Browne drove craft beer share growth and  increases in value of key  franchises.
Further
 his broad range of commercial responsibilities included sales execution
planning
  cultivating key distributor relationships
  collaborating with global
trademark owners
 and capability development for professional marketing staff of
24.
PETER SALVO
 CONTROLLER
Peter Salvo is a  professional  accountant  with over 25 years of  experience in
manufacturing
  most notably in the automotive industry. Mr. Salvo has served in
many  capacities
  most recently as controller and finance  manager with Meritor
Suspension  Systems  Company  for 14  years.  He has also  worked  for  Rockwell
International  for 11 years as  Manager of  Financial  Analysis.  Mr.  Salvo has
extensive financial management  experience and served as a key member of various
management  teams.  His experience  includes  development of business  operating
plans
  preparation  of sales and  profit  projections
  preparation  of monthly
financial  statements  and  variance  analysis
  cash flow  forecasts
  standard
costing and inventory  controls
  capital expenditure and cost benefit analysis
implementation of internal controls and safeguarding of assets.
                                       35

Mr. Salvo is a Chartered  Professional  Accountant (CPA)
 received his Certified
Management  Accountant  designation  in 1985  and  holds a  bachelor  degree  in
commerce from McMaster University.
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our executive  management team  represents a significant  depth of experience in
public companies
  food and nutritional  products
  marketing
  and domestic and
international  business  development.  The team represents a  cross-disciplinary
approach to management and business development.
We  believe  that  all  of our  directors'  respective  educational  background
operational  and business  experience  give them the  qualifications  and skills
necessary to serve as directors of our company.  Our board of directors consists
solely of Mr. Holcombe
 Mr. D. MacPhee and Mr. Chapman.
FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS
There are no family relationships between any of our directors and officers.
INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
To the best of our knowledge
  none of our directors or executive  officers has
during the past ten years:
     1.   been  convicted in a criminal  proceeding or been subject to a pending
          criminal  proceeding  (excluding  traffic  violations  and other minor
          offences);
     2.   had any  bankruptcy  petition  filed by or  against  the  business  or
          property of the person
 or of any partnership
 corporation or business
          association  of which he was a general  partner or executive  officer
          either at the time of the bankruptcy  filing or within two years prior
          to that time;
     3.   been  subject to any order
  judgment
  or  decree
  not  subsequently
          reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
          or federal or state authority
  permanently or temporarily  enjoining
          barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting
 his involvement in any type
          of business
 securities
  futures
 commodities
  investment
  banking
          savings and loan
 or insurance  activities
  or to be associated  with
          persons engaged in any such activity;
     4.   been found by a court of competent  jurisdiction  in a civil action or
          by  the  SEC or the  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission  to  have
          violated a federal or state  securities  or  commodities  law
 and the
          judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;
     5.   been the subject  of
 or a party to
 any federal or state  judicial or
          administrative order
  judgment
  decree
 or finding
 not subsequently
          reversed
  suspended or vacated (not  including  any  settlement  of a
          civil  proceeding  among  private  litigants)
  relating to an alleged
          violation of any federal or state  securities  or  commodities  law or
          regulation
 any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or
                                       36

          insurance  companies  including
  but not limited  to
 a temporary  or
          permanent  injunction
  order of disgorgement  or  restitution
  civil
          money  penalty or temporary or permanent  cease-and-desist  order
  or
          removal or  prohibition  order
  or any law or regulation  prohibiting
          mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or
     6.   been the  subject  of
  or a party to
  any  sanction  or  order
  not
          subsequently  reversed
  suspended or vacated
  of any self-regulatory
          organization  (as defined in Section  3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15
          U.S.C.  78c(a)(26)))
  any  registered  entity (as  defined in Section
          1(a)(29) of the Commodity  Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.  1(a)(29)))
  or any
          equivalent  exchange
  association
  entity or  organization  that has
          disciplinary  authority over its members or persons  associated with a
          member.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Section 16(a) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
  requires our
executive  officers  and  directors  and  persons  who own  more  than  10% of a
registered  class  of our  equity  securities  to  file  with  the  SEC  initial
statements of beneficial  ownership
  reports of changes in ownership and annual
reports  concerning  their  ownership  of our  shares of common  stock and other
equity  securities
  on  Forms  3
 4 and 5
  respectively.  Executive  officers
directors and greater than 10%  shareholders are required by the SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Based  solely on our  review  of the  copies of such  forms  received  by us
 or
written  representations  from certain reporting persons
 we believe that during
fiscal year ended November 30
 2015
 all filing  requirements  applicable to our
officers
 directors and greater than 10% percent beneficial owners were complied
with.
CODE OF ETHICS
We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers
 directors and
employees.  When we do adopt a code of ethics
  we will disclose it in a Current
Report on Form 8-K.
AUDIT COMMITTEE AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
Our  board of  directors  has  determined  that it does not have a member of its
audit  committee  that  qualifies as an audit  committee  financial  expert as
defined in Item  407(d)(5)(ii)  of Regulation S-K
 and is  independent  as the
term is used in Item  7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended.
We believe that our board of directors  is capable of analyzing  and  evaluating
our financial statements and understanding  internal controls and procedures for
financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would
qualify as an audit  committee  financial  expert  would be overly  costly and
burdensome and is not warranted in our  circumstances  given the early stages of
our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to
date
                                       37

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


                                                                                 Change in
                                                                                  Pension
                                                                                 Value and
                                                                   Non-Equity   Nonqualified
                                                                   Incentive     Deferred       All
 Name and                                                            Plan         Compen-      Other
 Principal                                   Stock       Option     Compen-       sation       Compen-
 Position       Year   Salary     Bonus      Awards      Awards     sation       Earnings      sation      Total
------------    ----   ------     -----      ------      ------     ------       --------      ------      -----

Michael         2015     0          0           0          0           0            0         $46
500     $46
500
Browne
         2014     0          0           0          0           0            0         $40
000     $40
000
Brand
Director &
CFO
 (Former
President)
Peter Salvo
    2015     0          0           0          0           0            0         $25
000     $25
000
Controller      2014     0          0           0          0           0            0         $16
000     $16
000
Mark            2015     0          0           0          0           0            0         $99
000     $99
000
Holcombe
       2014     0          0           0          0           0            0         $16
000     $16
000
Director
Donald          2015     0          0           0          0           0            0         $24
000     $24
000
MacPhee
        2014     0          0           0          0           0            0         $16
000     $16
000
Pres & CEO
Director
Scott           2015     0          0           0          0           0            0         $24
000     $24
000
Chapman
        2014     0          0           0          0           0            0         $16
000     $16
000
Director

Our officers and directors have written service  contracts with us. We presently
do not have  pension
  health
  annuity
  insurance
  profit  sharing or similar
benefit plans;  however
 we may adopt plans in the future.  Except for our stock
option  plan
  of which no options were issued in 2015
  there are  presently no
personal benefits available to our officers and directors.
On November 30
 2015
  Michael Browne signed a service contract with the company
to serve as Brand Director of Trident Brands Inc. At that time his stock options
were  amended from a total of  1
125
000  to 625
000.  As a result
  total stock
options outstanding as of November 30
 2015 are now 2
375
000.
                                       38

                              DIRECTOR COMPENSATION


                                                                     Change in
                                                                      Pension
                                                                     Value and
                   Fees                            Non-Equity       Nonqualified
                  Earned                            Incentive        Deferred
                 Paid in      Stock     Option        Plan         Compensation     All Other
    Name           Cash      Awards     Awards     Compensation      Earnings      Compensation     Total
    ----           ----      ------     ------     ------------      --------      ------------     -----

Mark Holcombe    $24
000        0          0            0                0            $75
000       $99
000
Donald MacPhee   $24
000        0          0            0                0                  0       $24
000
Scott Chapman    $24
000        0          0            0                0                  0       $24
000

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
         RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our
common  stock as of August  22
  2014 (i) by each  person  who is known by us to
beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock;  (ii) by each of our officers
and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group.


                                                                           Amount and
                                                                           Nature of
  Name and Address                                                         Beneficial         Percent
of Beneficial Owner         Office
 If Any            Title of Class      Ownership (1)     of Class (2)
-------------------         --------------            --------------      -------------     ------------

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
Mark Holcombe               Director and Chair of      Common Stock        10
000
000          32.26%
                            the Board and
                            Compensation Committee
Donald MacPhee              President & CEO
           Common Stock           188
000           0.61%
                            Director - Chair of
                            the Audit Committee
                            and member of the
                            Corporate Governance
                            Committee
ALL OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS AS A GROUP                  Common stock
       10
188
000          32.87%
                                                       $0.001 par value
5%+ SECURITY HOLDERS
None.                       n/a                        n/a                      n/a              n/a
ALL 5%+ SECURITY HOLDERS                               Common stock
              0             0.00%
                                                       $0.001 par value

                                       39

----------
(1)  Beneficial  Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC
     and  generally   includes  voting  or  investment  power  with  respect  to
     securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership
     of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of
     our common stock.
(2)  Percentage  of  shares  outstanding  is  calculated  based on total  shares
     outstanding as at March 11
 2016 of 31
000
000. This total does not include
     outstanding warrants or options of the Company.
(3)  Continental  Ingredients  of Canada Inc. holds 400
000 common shares of our
     company and Donald MacPhee is a former  Managing  Partner and now Strategic
     Advisor  of  Continental   Ingredients   with  47.0%   ownership  share  in
     Continental Ingredients.
CHANGES IN CONTROL
We do not currently have any  arrangements  which if consummated may result in a
change of control of our company.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR
         INDEPENDENCE
The  following  includes a summary of  transactions  since the  beginning of the
November 30
 2015 fiscal year
 or any currently proposed  transaction
  in which
our company was or is to be a participant  and the amount  involved  exceeded or
exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year end for the last two completed  fiscal  years
  and in which any related
person  had or will have a direct or  indirect  material  interest  (other  than
compensation  described under  Executive  Compensation).  We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received
 as applicable
 in connection
with the transactions  described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts  that  would  be  paid  or  received
  as  applicable
  in  arm's-length
transactions.
MARK HOLCOMBE
During the quarter ended  February 28
 2015
 the company paid off the balance of
the loan payable that was non-interest  bearing with no specific repayment terms
of $53
820.
In  addition
  our company  rents  office  space from Mr.  Holcombe for $500 per
month.
DONALD MACPHEE
On  December  9
 2015
  we entered  into a Product  Development  Agreement  with
Continental  Ingredients  Canada Inc. with respect to our plan to  commercialize
nutritional  supplements  and  functional  food and beverage  products under our
Everlast(R)  Nutrition and Brain Armor(R) brands for sales in the North America.
This agreement  supersedes the previous  agreements entered in to by the Parties
and was subsequently amended effective March 1
 2016 as detailed previously..
Under the Agreement
 our company has exclusively engaged Continental Ingredients
to provide services with respect to the  development
  manufacture and supply of
the  Products  for a period of five years  commencing  on  December  9
 2015 and
ending on December 19
 2020
 such term to renew  automatically  for a further 12
months unless either party delivers written  termination notice six months prior
to the expiration of the initial term or renewal period.
                                       40

Continental Ingredients will submit for approval from our company
 proposals for
the production of any products.  Once product  specifications have been approved
by us
 the  parties  will  enter into  separate  production  agreements  for the
manufacturing
  pricing  and  distribution  of  the  products  (the  PRODUCTION
AGREEMENTS).  The pricing of the products under any Production  Agreements will
result in a gross  margin  to  Continental  Ingredients  of 8  percent
  as more
particularly described in the Product Agreement.
On February 29
 2016
 we entered into a Securities  Purchase  Agreement with CIC
whereby we  received  proceeds  of  $200
000  in return  for a $200
000  secured
promissory  note due 12 months from the issuance date
  bearing  interest at the
rate of 10% per annum
  and 100
000  warrants to purchase  common  shares of our
Company at an exercise price of $1.35 per share for three years from the date of
issue.
Donald  MacPhee  is a former  Managing  Partner  and now  Strategic  Advisor  of
Continental  Ingredients  with 47.0% ownership share in Continental  Ingredients
and a director of our Company as of March 21
 2014. Continental Ingredients owns
400
000 common shares of our Company
 which is approximately 1.29% of our issued
and outstanding common stock as of March 11
 2016.
PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS
Mark  Holcombe
  who is one of  three  directors  of our  company
  was our only
promoter in the past five fiscal years. Mr. Holcombe has not received
  nor will
he receive
 anything of value from us
 directly or indirectly in his capacity as
promoter. However
 he holds 10
000
000 or approximately 32.26% of our issued and
outstanding  common shares.  Additionally
  Mr.  Holcombe  receives fees for his
service on our Board of Directors plus fees as a contracted service provider for
the Company. As of March 11
 2016 Mr. Holcombe also has the following options:
 Number of                         Exercise                       Vesting from
  Options       Date of Grant       Price        Expiration       Date of Grant
  -------       -------------       -----        ----------       -------------
  100
000        May 5
 2014        $0.75       May 5
 2019        12 months
  100
000        May 5
 2014        $1.00       May 5
 2019        24 months
  100
000        May 5
 2014        $1.50       May 5
 2019        36 months
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We currently  act with three  directors
  consisting  of Mark  Holcombe
  Donald
MacPhee and Scott Chapman. Only Scott Chapman is independent.
We have an Audit  Committee
  Compensation  Committee and  Corporate  Governance
Committee.
However
  all of the members of the committees are not  independent.  We believe
that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial
statements  and  understanding  internal  controls and  procedures for financial
                                       41

reporting.  The board of  directors  of our company  does not believe that it is
necessary  to have a completely  independent  audit
  compensation  or corporate
governance  committee at this time because we believe that the functions of such
committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors.  Additionally
we believe  that  retaining  independent  directors  would be overly  costly and
burdensome and is not warranted in our  circumstances  given the early stages of
our development.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
The total fees  charged to the company for audit  services  were $16
500 and for
other services were $Nil during the year ended November 30
 2015.  Malone Bailey
LLP
 our new independent  registered public accounting firm
  completed the 2015
audit.
The total fees  charged to the company for audit  services  were $10
700 and for
other services were $Nil during the year ended November 30
 2014. The 2014 audit
was completed by our previous  independent  registered  accounting firm
  George
Stewart
 CPA.
                                     PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
The following exhibits are included with this filing:
     Exhibit                       Description
     -------                       -----------
      3(i)        Articles of Incorporation*
      3(ii)       Bylaws*
     31.1         Sec. 302 Certification of CEO
     31.2         Sec. 302 Certification of CFO
     32.1         Sec. 906 Certification of CEO
     32.2         Sec. 906 Certification of CFO
    101           Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T.
----------
*    Included in our original Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (subsequently
     amended utilizing Form S-1) under Commission File Number 333-148710.
                                       42

                                   SIGNATURES
In  accordance  with  Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act
 the
registrant  caused  this  report to be signed on its behalf by the  undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.
March 11
 2016                    Trident Brands Incorporated
                                  /s/ Donald MacPhee
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  By: Donald MacPhee
                                  (President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Director)
                                  /s/ Peter Salvo
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  By: Peter Salvo
                                  (Controller)
                                  /s/ Mark Holcombe
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  By: Mark Holcombe
                                  (Director & Chair of the Board)
                                  /s/ Scott Chapman
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  By: Scott Chapman
                                  (Director)
                                       43

            REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Trident Brands Incorporated
Brookfield
 Wisconsin
We have audited the  accompanying  consolidated  balance sheet of Trident Brands
Incorporated  and its subsidiaries  (collectively  the Company) as of November
30
 2015
 and the related consolidated  statements of operations
  stockholders'
deficit and cash flows for the year then ended.  These financial  statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted  our audit in accordance  with the standards of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform an audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial
statements  are free of material  misstatement.  The Company is not  required to
have
  nor were we engaged to perform
  an audit of its  internal  control  over
financial reporting.  Our audit included  consideration of internal control over
financial  reporting  as  a  basis  for  designing  audit  procedures  that  are
appropriate  in the  circumstances
  but not for the  purpose of  expressing  an
opinion on the  effectiveness  of the Company's  internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a  test  basis
  evidence  supporting  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and  significant  estimates made by  management
  as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement  presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion
 the consolidated  financial statements referred to above present
fairly
  in all material  respects
  the  financial  position of Trident  Brands
Incorporated  and its  subsidiaries  as of November 30
 2015
 and the results of
their  operations  and their cash flows for the year then ended
  in  conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
The accompanying  consolidated  financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the
financial  statements
  the Company has suffered losses from operation and has a
working  capital  deficit  as of  November  30
  2015.  These  conditions  raise
significant  doubt about the Company's  ability to continue as a going  concern.
Management's  plans  in this  regard  are  described  in Note 3.  The  financial
statements do not include any adjustments  that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty.
/s/ MaloneBailey
 LLP
-----------------------------------
www.malonebailey.com
Houston
 Texas
March 11
 2016
                                      F-1

                               GEORGE STEWART
 CPA
                              316 17TH AVENUE SOUTH
                            SEATTLE
 WASHINGTON 98144
                        (206) 328-8554 FAX(206) 328-0383
             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors
Trident Brands Inc.
I have  audited  the  accompanying  balance  sheet of Trident  Brands Inc. as of
November 30
  2014
  and the related  statements  of  operations
  stockholders'
equity and cash flows for the years ended  November  30
 2014.  These  financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. My responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit.
I conducted my audit in  accordance  with the  standards  of the Public  Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that I plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining
 on a
test basis
  evidence  supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial
statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant  estimates  made by  management
  as well as evaluating  the overall
financial statement presentation.  I believe that my audit provides a reasonable
basis for my opinion.
In my opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all
material respects
  the financial position of Trident Brands Inc.
as of November
30
 2014
  and the results of its  operations and cash flows for the years ended
November 30
 2014 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America.
The accompanying  financial  statements have been prepared  assuming the Company
will  continue as a going  concern.  As discussed  in Note # 4 to the  financial
statements
  the Company has had no operations and has no established  source of
revenue.  This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern.  Management's plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note
# 4. The financial  statements do not include any adjustments  that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.
/s/ George Stewart
--------------------------------
Seattle
 Washington
February 24
 2015
March 10
 2016
                                      F-2

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                                           As of                  As of
                                                                        November 30
           November 30
                                                                            2015                   2014
                                                                        ------------           ------------

                                     ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash                                                                  $    187
886           $        352
  Inventory                                                                  145
480                     --
  Prepaid                                                                     55
887                  1
049
                                                                        ------------           ------------
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                         389
253                  1
401
                                                                        ------------           ------------
      TOTAL ASSETS                                                      $    389
253           $      1
401
                                                                        ============           ============
                  LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Accounts Payable                                                      $    184
680           $    134
758
  Accrued Liability                                                          181
024                 82
760
  Loan Payable - Related Party                                               180
000                 53
820
  Loan Payable - Third Party                                                 300
000                300
000
  Convertible Debt
 net of discount $147
230                               2
152
770                     --
                                                                        ------------           ------------
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  2
998
474                571
338
                                                                        ------------           ------------
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                    2
998
474                571
338
                                                                        ------------           ------------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
  Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares
   authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding
   as of November 30
 2015 and November 30
 2014                              28
000                 28
000
  Additional paid-in capital                                               1
177
540                 47
000
  Non-Controlling Interest in Subsidiary                                     (14
643)                    --
  Accumulated Deficit                                                     (3
800
118)              (644
937)
                                                                        ------------           ------------
TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)                                      (2
609
221)              (569
937)
                                                                        ------------           ------------
      TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)                $    389
253           $      1
401
                                                                        ============           ============

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                      F-3

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                      Consolidated Statement of Operations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                            Twelve Months          Twelve Months
                                                               Ended                  Ended
                                                            November 30
           November 30
                                                                2015                   2014
                                                            ------------           ------------

REVENUES                                                    $     16
569           $        479
Cost of Sales                                                      9
951                    305
                                                            ------------           ------------
GROSS PROFIT                                                       6
618                    174
GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES                             (2
286
348)              (387
158)
OTHER EXPENSES
  Royalty Fees                                                  (225
545)              (110
000)
  Interest Expense                                              (664
549)               (12
215)
                                                            ------------           ------------
TOTAL OTHER EXPENSES                                            (890
094)              (122
215)
                                                            ------------           ------------
NET LOSS                                                    $ (3
169
824)          $   (509
199)
                                                            ============           ============
NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO TRIDENT                              (3
155
181)              (509
199)
NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS               (14
643)                    --
                                                            ------------           ------------
BASIC EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE                              $      (0.11)          $      (0.02)
                                                            ============           ============
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
 COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING                                    28
000
000             28
000
000
                                                            ============           ============

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                      F-4

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity
                 From the year ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                Common      Additional
                                  Common        Stock        Paid-in      Accumulated   Non-Conrolling
                                  Stock         Amount       Capital        Deficit       Interest         Total
                                  -----         ------       -------        -------       --------         -----

BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2013      28
000
000     $ 28
000    $    47
000    $  (135
738)    $      --     $   (60
738)
Net loss
  November 30
 2014                                                 (509
200)                     (509
200)
                               -----------     --------    -----------    -----------     ---------     -----------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2014      28
000
000       28
000         47
000       (644
937)           --        (569
937)
Beneficial Conversion Feature                                  647
887                                      647
887
Stock Options Expenses                                         482
653                                      482
653
Net loss
  November 30
 2015                                               (3
155
181)      (14
643)     (3
169
824)
                               -----------     --------    -----------    -----------     ---------     -----------
BALANCE
 NOVEMBER 30
 2015      28
000
000     $ 28
000    $ 1
177
540    $(3
800
118)    $ (14
643)    $(2
609
221)
                               ===========     ========    ===========    ===========     =========     ===========

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                      F-5

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                              Twelve Months          Twelve Months
                                                                  Ended                  Ended
                                                              November 30
           November 30
                                                                  2015                   2014
                                                              ------------           ------------

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income (loss)                                           $ (3
169
824)          $   (509
199)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
   used in operating activities:
     Debt issuance cost                                             34
250                     --
     Amortization of debt discount                                 500
657                     --
     Compensation-Options                                          482
653                     --
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
     Prepaid expenses                                              (54
838)                (1
049)
     Inventory                                                    (145
480)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                      148
186                206
133
                                                              ------------           ------------
          CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                     (2
204
396)              (304
114)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Principal payments on loan payable - related party              (140
070)                    --
  Proceeds on loan payable - related party                         255
000                  4
337
  Principal payments on loan payable - third party                (123
000)                    --
  Proceeds on loan payable - third party                           100
000                300
000
  Proceeds on convertible debt                                   2
300
000                     --
                                                              ------------           ------------
          CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES                  2
391
930                304
337
                                                              ------------           ------------
NET INCREASE IN CASH                                               187
534                    223
CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD                                            352                    131
                                                              ------------           ------------
CASH AT END OF PERIOD                                         $    187
886           $        353
                                                              ============           ============
NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
  Beneficial conversion features                              $    647
887           $         --
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
CASH PAID DURING THE YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30:
  INCOME TAXES                                                $         --           $         --
                                                              ============           ============
  INTEREST                                                    $         --           $         --
                                                              ============           ============

                        See Notes to Financial Statements
                                      F-6

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
Trident Brands  Incorporated  (f/k/a Sandfield Ventures Corp.) (the Company) was
incorporated  under the laws of the State of Nevada on  November  5
  2007.  The
Company was formed to engage in the acquisition
  exploration and development of
natural resource properties.
The Company is now focused on consumer products.  The objective is investment in
and development of high growth consumer brands and ingredients  businesses.  The
Company is in the early  growth  stage and has  transitioned  out of their shell
status with the Super-8  filing at the end of August
  2014.  Its  activities to
date have been limited to capital  formation
  organization
  development of its
business plan and development of an array of products for sale.
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
The Company's  financial  statements  are prepared  using the accrual  method of
accounting. The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.
PRINCIPAL OF CONSOLIDATION
The Company  consolidated  financial  statements as of November 30
 2015 include
the accounts of Trident Brands Incorporated and its subsidiaries: Trident Brands
Canada Ltd
 Sports Nutrition Products
 Inc
 and Brain Armor Inc.
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
ASC No. 260
 Earnings Per Share
  specifies the computation
  presentation and
disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly
held common stock. The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.
Basic net  earnings  (loss) per share  amounts is computed  by dividing  the net
earnings  (loss) by the weighted  average  number of common shares  outstanding.
Diluted  earnings  (loss)  per share are the same as basic  earnings  (loss) per
share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.
CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Company considers all highly liquid  investments  purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
INVENTORY
Inventories  are  stated at the  lower of cost or  market.  Cost is  principally
determined using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method.
                                      F-7

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BENEFICIAL CONVERSION FEATURES
The intrinsic value of a beneficial conversion feature inherent to a convertible
note payable
  which is not  bifurcated  and accounted for  separately  from the
convertible  note  payable  and may not be settled in cash upon  conversion
  is
treated  as a  discount  to the  convertible  note  payable.  This  discount  is
amortized  over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due
using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the
end of its contractual term
the  unamortized  discount is expensed in the period of  retirement  to interest
expense. In general
 the beneficial  conversion feature is measured by comparing
the effective  conversion  price
  after  considering the relative fair value of
detachable  instruments  included in the financing  transaction
  if any
 to the
fair value of the  common  shares at the  commitment  date to be  received  upon
conversion.
EMPLOYEE STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
The company  accounts for  stock-based  compensation in accordance with ASC-718
Compensation-Stock  Compensation.  ASC-718  requires  companies to measure the
cost  of  employee  services  received  in  exchange  for  an  award  of  equity
instruments
  including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the
award and to recognize it as  compensation  expense over the period the employee
is required to provide  service in exchange  for the award
  usually the vesting
period.
NON-EMPLOYEE STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION:
The  Company  accounts  for  stock-based  compensation  in  accordance  with the
provision  of  ASC  505-50
  Equity  Based  Payments  to  Non-Employees  (ASC
505-50)
 which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair
value on the measurement  date. The  measurement of stock-based  compensation is
subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying equity instruments vest.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the
requirements of FASB ASC 820
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820
clarifies the  definition of fair value
  prescribes  methods for measuring fair
value
  and  establishes  a fair value  hierarchy  to classify the inputs used I
measuring fair value as follows:
     Level 1 - Quoted  prices are  available  in active  markets  for  identical
     assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in
     which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency
     and volume to provide  pricing  information  on an ongoing  basis.  Level 1
     primarily  consists  of  financial   instruments  such  as  exchange-traded
     derivatives
 marketable securities and listed equities.
     Level 2 - Pricing  inputs are other than  quoted  prices in active  markets
     included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly  observable as
     of the reported  date and includes  those  financial  instruments  that are
     valued  using  models or other  valuation  methodologies.  These models are
     primarily  industry-standard  models  that  consider  various  assumptions
     including quoted forward prices for commodities
 time value
 volatility
                                      F-8

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     factors
  and  current  market and  contractual  prices for the  underlying
     instruments
 as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all
     of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace  throughout the full
     term  of the  instrument
  can  be  derived  from  observable  data  or are
     supported by observable  levels at which  transactions  are executed in the
     marketplace.    Instruments    in   this   category    generally    include
     non-exchange-traded  derivatives  such as commodity  swaps
  interest  rate
     swaps
 options and collars.
     Level 3 - Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less
     observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally
     developed  methodologies  that result in management's best estimate of fair
     value.
USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally  accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities  and  disclosure  of
contingent  assets and  liabilities at the date of the financial  statements and
the  reported  amounts of revenues  and expenses  during the  reporting  period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250
all adjustments are normal and recurring.
INCOME TAXES
Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
  Accounting for Income
Taxes.  A  deferred  tax  asset  or  liability  is  recorded  for all  temporary
differences   between  financial  and  tax  reporting  and  net  operating  loss
carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during
the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of
management
  it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized.  Deferred tax assets and  liabilities  are adjusted
for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.
REVENUE
The  Company  maintains  a  portfolio  of branded  consumer  products  including
nutritional  products and  supplements  under the Everlast(R) and Brain Armor(R)
brands
 and functional food ingredients under the Oceans Omega brand.
The Company  records  revenue based on the following four  criteria:  collection
probability is reasonably assure
  delivery is complete
  persuasive evidence of
an arrangement and the price can be determined.
RELATED PARTIES
A party is  considered  to be related to the  Company if the party  directly  or
indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or
is under common control with the Company.
                                      F-9

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Related parties also include  principal  owners of the Company
  its management
members of the  immediate  families of  principal  owners of the Company and its
management  and  other  parties  with  which the  Company  may deal if one party
controls or can significantly  influence the management or operating policies of
the other to an extent that one of the  transacting  parties  might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  A party which can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the transacting  parties or if
it  has  an  ownership  interest  in one of  the  transacting  parties  and  can
significantly  influence  the  other  to an  extent  that  one  or  more  of the
transacting  parties  might be  prevented  from fully  pursuing its own separate
interests is also a related party.
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS
The Company has evaluated all the recent accounting  pronouncements  through the
date the  financial  statements  were issued and filed with the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission and believe that none of them will have a material effect on
the Company's financial statements
NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN
The  accompanying  financial  statements are presented on a going concern basis.
The Company had no  significant  operations  during the period from  November 5
2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2015 and has a working  capital deficit
as of November 30
 2015.  These  conditions  raise  substantial  doubt about the
Company's  ability to continue as a going  concern.  The Company is currently in
the  early  growth  stage  at  product   introduction  phase  and  expenses  are
increasing.  They have secured short term bridge loans to cover these  expenses.
The current cash of $187
886 is  insufficient  to cover the  expenses  they will
incur  during the next twelve  months.  The Company is  currently  investigating
various financing alternatives in order to address this issue
NOTE 4. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS
On May 5
 2014
  Trident  granted an  aggregate of  2
875
000  stock  options to
directors
  officers
  employees  and  consultants  of the  Company  pursuant to
Trident's 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from
the date of grant at  exercise  prices of $0.75 per share for shares  vesting 12
months from the date of issuance
  $1.00 per share for shares  vesting 24 months
from the date of issuance  and $1.50 for shares  vesting 36 months from the date
of issuance.  Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
  Trident granted 1
125
000
stock options to its president
 Michael Browne; 300
000 stock options to each of
its  directors
  Donald  MacPhee
  Scott Chapman
  Mark Holcombe;  150
000 stock
options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its
special advisors
  Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault. The stock options expire
on May 5
 2019.
On November 30
 2015
  Michael  Browne's  stock options were amended to 625
000.
The total outstanding stock options as of November 30
 2015 are 2
375
000.
The company used the Black-Scholes model to value the stock options at $577
054.
As of November 30
 2015
 the company expensed $482
653 as compensation  expense.
Following  are the  assumptions  used for the shares vested 12
 24 and 36 months
from the date of issuance:  Discount rate .9%
 1.29%
 1.29%;  Volatility 68.35%
67.35%
 68.50%; and Term 3.0
 3.5
 4.0.
                                      F-10

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following  table  represents  stock option activity as of and for the period
ended November 30
 2015:


                                Number of      Weighted Average     Contractual Life     Intrinsic
                                 Options        Exercise Price          in Years           Value
                                 -------        --------------          --------           -----

Outstanding - Nov. 30
  2014    2
875
000            $1.00                4.5
Exercisabele - Nov. 30
 2014            0
Granted                           250
000
Exercised or Vested                     0
Cancelled or Expired              750
000
Outstanding - Nov. 30
 2015     2
375
000            $1.15                3.5
Exercisable - Nov. 30
 2015       958
334            $2.00                3.4            $354
583

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal  property.  The company
is paying a director $500 per month rent for use of office space and services.
During the quarter ended  February 28
 2015
 the company paid off the balance of
the loan payable of $53
820 due to Mark  Holcombe
  sole officer and director of
the Company.
During the quarter  ended  February 28
 2015 Michael  Browne  loaned the Company
$75
000 and the Company paid back $86
250 with $11
250 as a debt  issuance  cost
which is recognized as interest expense when the loan if paid off.
During the quarter ended November 30
 2015
 Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc.
loaned  the  Company  $180
000  bearing  interest  at the rate of 8% per  annum
payable on maturity
 calculated on the principal amount of the loan outstanding.
The $180
000 note was advanced  during the year ended November 30
 2015.  Unless
paid earlier
  the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full
on November 2
 2016.  As of November  30
  2015
  the full amount of the loan is
outstanding and the accrued interest expense is $1
200.
During the year
 the company  purchased  inventory from Continental  Ingredients
Canada
 Inc. The total amount of inventory purchased was $291
385.
NOTE 6.  LOAN PAYABLE - THIRD PARTY
We have two short term loans. One for $200
000
  and the other for $100
000 both
bearing interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
  calculated
on the principle amount of the loan outstanding.  Unless paid earlier
  the loan
and  accrued  and unpaid  interest  shall be  payable in full on April 30
  2015
(payment maturity date extended to October 31
 2015 and while now technically in
default
  the parties to the obligation are working  co-operatively  to finalize
                                      F-11

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the terms of  repayment)  and July 21
 2015  (payment  maturity date extended to
April 30
 2016) respectively. As of
November 30
 2015
 the full amount of the loans are  outstanding and the accrued
interest expense is $36
215 ($25
333 and $10
882 respectively).
The Company analyzed the modification of the term under ASC 470-60 Trouble Debt
Restructurings and ASC 470-50  Extinguishment of Debt. The Company determined
the  modification  is not  substantial  and the Company also determined that the
fair value of the new debt is the same as the fair value of the old debt.
On December 16
 2014
 the Company issued 3 promissory  notes totalling  $100
000
as bridge loans for working  capital  purposes.  The company paid back  $123
000
with $23
000 as debt issuance cost which is recognized as interest  expense when
the loan is paid off.
NOTE 7. CONVERTIBLE NOTE
On January 29
  2015
  Trident  Brands  Incorporated  entered  into a securities
purchase  agreement with a non-US  institutional  investor  whereby it agreed to
sell an aggregate  principal amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured  convertible
debentures
  convertible  into shares of the company's common stock. The Company
received  $1
800
000 of the funds from the  transaction on February 5
 2015. The
balance of $500
000 was received on May 14
 2015.
The convertible  debentures are convertible  into shares of the Company's common
stock at an initial  conversion  price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up
to  3
239
437  shares.  The  debentures  bear  interest  at 6%  per  annum.  The
applicable portion of the Principal Amount and the Interest outstanding shall be
due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the applicable Issuance Date.
The accrued interest expense is $104
442.
The Company  intends to use the net proceeds from this  transaction  for working
capital and general corporate purposes.
Due to the note being  convertible  to the  company  common  shares
  beneficial
conversion  features  analysis was  performed.  The intrinsic  value is $647
887
which is recognized as debt discount.  As of November 30
 2015
  $500
657 of the
debt discount is amortized and the unamortized discount is $147
230.
The Company analyzed the embedded  conversion  option for derivative  accounting
consideration under ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging and determined that the
conversion option should be classified as equity.
NOTE 8. EVERLAST LICENCE AGREEMENT
On December 23
 2013
  the Company  entered into a Deed of Assignment  Agreement
with Everlast  World's  Boxing  Headquarters  Corporation
  International  Brand
Management  Limited
  Sports  Nutrition  Products  Incorporated  and  Manchester
                                      F-12

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and
Manchester  Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
  a
New York corporation
 has assigned its interest in the trade mark license to the
Company.  Pursuant to the terms of the assignment  agreement
  Sports  Nutrition
Products Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
assigns all of its rights
 title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license
to the Company  effective  December  23
 2013 and the Company will assume all of
the  obligations of Sports  Nutrition  Products  Incorporated  under the license
agreement.  The Company shall remain  responsible to Everlast and  International
Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary
  Sports  Nutrition  Products
Inc.
The Everlast Licence Agreement includes a clause stating that Manchester Capital
Incorporated  will  guarantee  that  the  Licensee  shall  perform  all  of  its
obligations and duties under the Licence Agreement.  If the Licensee defaults in
the payment  when due of any amount it is obliged to pay to  Licensor  under the
Licence  Agreement
  or  arising  from its  termination
  Manchester  Capital is
unconditionally  responsible  to pay  that  amount  to  Licensor  in the  manner
prescribed in the Licence Agreement as if it were the Licensee.
The Royalty Calculation
  as per the terms of the agreement
  are as follows: In
2013
 7% of Net Retail Sales and 7% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue;  in
2014
 8% of Net Retail Sales and 8% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue;  in
2015
 9% of Net Retail Sales and 9% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue;  in
2016 onwards
  10% of Net Retail Sales and 10% of 60% of Direct  Response  Sales
Revenue.  The Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty is $120
000 in 2014
 $235
000 in
2015
  $320
000 in 2016
  $345
000 in 2017 and in 2018 onwards
 if the Agreement
remains in force
 will be 75% of the previous Year's Royalty  Calculation or the
previous Year's Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty plus 10%
 whichever is greater
NOTE 9. INCOME TAXES
                                              As of                    As of
                                           November 30
             November 30
                                               2015                    2014
                                           ------------            ------------
Deferred tax assets:
  Net operating tax carryforwards          $  2
825
245            $    644
938
  Tax Rate                                           35%                     35%
                                           ------------            ------------
Gross deferred tax assets                       988
836                 225
728
Valuation allowance                            (988
836)               (225
728)
                                           ------------            ------------
Net deferred tax assets                    $          0            $          0
                                           ============            ============
As of November 30
 2015
  the Company has a net operating loss  carryforward  of
approximately  $2.8 million.  Net operating  loss  carryforwards  expires twenty
years from the date the loss was incurred.
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon  sufficient  future taxable
income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
are expected to be available to reduce  taxable  income.  As the  achievement of
required  future taxable income is uncertain
  the Company  recorded a valuation
allowance.
                                      F-13

                           TRIDENT BRANDS INCORPORATED
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                November 30
 2015
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On January 28
 2016
 the company issued  3
000
000  common shares  pursuant to a
Deed of Assignment  dated effective  January 20
 2015 among our Company
  Oceans
Omega LLC
 and the assignor 2298107 Ontario Inc.  pursuant to which the assignor
has  assigned to our Company the  assignor's  non-exclusive  rights to purchase
market
  sell and distribute  certain Omega 3 nutritional  emulsions produced by
Oceans Omega LLC.
On January 29
 2016
 the company  entered into a securities  purchase  agreement
with one investor  pursuant to which
 in consideration for proceeds of $250
000
and
  125
000  warrants to purchase  common shares of our Company.  The $250
000
secured  promissory  note is due 12 months  from the  issuance  date
  and bears
interest at the rate of 10% per annum.
On February 29
 2016
 we entered into a Securities  Purchase  Agreement with CIC
whereby we  received  proceeds  of  $200
000  in return  for a $200
000  secured
promissory  note due 12 months from the issuance date
  bearing  interest at the
rate of 10% per annum
  and 100
000  warrants to purchase  common  shares of our
Company at an exercise price of $1.35 per share for three years from the date of
issue.
                                      F-14







                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.1
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
I
 Donald MacPhee
 certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K;
2.   Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material  fact or omit to state a  material  fact  necessary  to make the
     statements made
 in light of the circumstances  under which such statements
     were made
  not  misleading  with  respect  to the  period  covered by this
     report;
3.   Based on my  knowledge
  the  financial  statements
  and  other  financial
     information  included  in  this  report
  fairly  present  in all  material
     respects the financial  condition
  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I are  responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal  control over
     financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
     a)   Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures
  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision
  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant
  including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
          me by others within those entities
  particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal  control over  financial  reporting
  or caused
          such internal  control over  financial  reporting to be designed under
          our  supervision
   to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the
          reliability  of financial  reporting and the  preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions  about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed  in this  report  any  change in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's  fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual  report)  that has  materially  affected
  or is
          reasonably  likely to materially  affect
  the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting; and
5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
     a)   All significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud
 whether or not material
  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.
Date: March 11
 2016                 By: /s/ Donald MacPhee
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Donald MacPhee
                                         Chief Executive Officer







                                                                    EXHIBIT 31.2
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
I
 Michael Browne
 certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K;
2.   Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of
     a material  fact or omit to state a  material  fact  necessary  to make the
     statements made
 in light of the circumstances  under which such statements
     were made
  not  misleading  with  respect  to the  period  covered by this
     report;
3.   Based on my  knowledge
  the  financial  statements
  and  other  financial
     information  included  in  this  report
  fairly  present  in all  material
     respects the financial  condition
  results of operations and cash flows of
     the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
4.   The  registrant's  other  certifying  officer(s) and I are  responsible for
     establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
     in Exchange Act Rules  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))  and internal  control over
     financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Exchange  Act Rules  13a-15(f)  and
     15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
     a)   Designed  such  disclosure  controls  and  procedures
  or caused such
          disclosure   controls  and   procedures  to  be  designed   under  our
          supervision
  to ensure  that  material  information  relating  to the
          registrant
  including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
          me by others within those entities
  particularly during the period in
          which this report is being prepared;
     b)   Designed such internal  control over  financial  reporting
  or caused
          such internal  control over  financial  reporting to be designed under
          our  supervision
   to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the
          reliability  of financial  reporting and the  preparation of financial
          statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
          accounting principles;
     c)   Evaluated the  effectiveness of the registrant's  disclosure  controls
          and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions  about the
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end
          of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d)   Disclosed  in this  report  any  change in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
          most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's  fourth fiscal quarter in
          the case of an annual  report)  that has  materially  affected
  or is
          reasonably  likely to materially  affect
  the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting; and
5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on
     our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to
     the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
     of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
     a)   All significant  deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
          operation  of internal  control  over  financial  reporting  which are
          reasonably  likely to  adversely  affect the  registrant's  ability to
          record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
     b)   Any fraud
 whether or not material
  that involves management or other
          employees who have a  significant  role in the  registrant's  internal
          control over financial reporting.
Date: March 11
 2016                 By: /s/ Michael Browne
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         Michael Browne
                                         Chief Financial Officer







                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.1
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trident Brands Incorporated
(the  Company)  for the year  ended  November  30
  2015
  as  filed  with the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  Report)
  Donald
MacPhee
  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Director  of the  Company
  hereby
certifies
  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:
     (1)  The Report fully  complies with the  requirements  of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2)  The  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents
  in all
          material respects
  the financial  condition and results of operations
          of the Company.
Date: March 11
 2016                By: /s/ Donald MacPhee
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Donald MacPhee
                                        Chief Executive Officer
This  certification   accompanies  each  Report  pursuant  to  ss.  906  of  the
Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002 and shall not
  except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.
A signed  original of this  written  statement  required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.







                                                                    EXHIBIT 32.2
                                  CERTIFICATION
                           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
                 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trident Brands Incorporated
(the  Company)  for the year  ended  November  30
  2015
  as  filed  with the
Securities and Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the  Report)
  Michael
Browne
  as  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Director  of  the  Company
  hereby
certifies
  pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:
     (1)  The Report fully  complies with the  requirements  of Section 13(a) or
          15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
     (2)  The  information  contained  in the  Report  fairly  presents
  in all
          material respects
  the financial  condition and results of operations
          of the Company.
Date: March 11
 2016                By: /s/ Michael Browne
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                        Michael Browne
                                        Chief Financial Officer
This  certification   accompanies  each  Report  pursuant  to  ss.  906  of  the
Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002 and shall not
  except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of ss.18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.
A signed  original of this  written  statement  required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.












 March 11














2012-12-01


2013-11-30














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05














2014-05-02


2014-05-05













2014-05-02


2014-05-05









2013-12-01


2014-11-30













2013-12-01


2014-11-30









2014-11-30









2014-12-16









2014-12-01


2014-12-16













2015-01-29













2015-01-01


2015-01-29













2015-02-01


2015-02-05












2014-12-01


2015-02-28












2014-12-01


2015-02-28













2015-05-01


2015-05-14









2015-05-31









2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30














2014-12-01


2015-11-30














2014-12-01


2015-11-30














2014-12-01


2015-11-30














2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30













2014-12-01


2015-11-30









2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30














2015-12-01


2016-01-28













2016-01-29














2016-01-29














2015-12-01


2016-01-29













2016-02-29














2016-02-29













2015-12-01


2016-02-29









2016-03-11









2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2014-11-30












2013-11-30












2014-11-30












2013-11-30












2014-11-30












2013-11-30












2014-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30



























































































































&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;NOTE 1.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Trident Brands Incorporated (f/k/a Sandfield Ventures Corp.) (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 5
 2007.&amp;#160; The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition
 exploration and development of natural resource properties.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company is now focused on consumer products. The objective is investment in and development of high growth consumer brands and ingredients businesses. The Company is in the early growth stage and has transitioned out of their shell status with the Super-8 filing at the end of August
 2014. Its activities to date have been limited to capital formation
 organization
 development of its business plan and development of an array of products for sale.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 2.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.&amp;#160; The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principal of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company consolidated financial statements as of November 30
 2015 include the accounts of Trident Brands Incorporated and its subsidiaries: Trident Brands Canada Ltd
 Sports Nutrition Products
 Inc
 and Brain Armor Inc.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic Earnings (loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASC No. 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221;
 specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.&amp;#160; Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is principally determined using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Beneficial Conversion Features&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The intrinsic value of a beneficial conversion feature inherent to a convertible note payable
 which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion
 is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of its contractual term
 the unamortized discount is expensed in the period of retirement to interest expense. In general
 the beneficial conversion feature is measured by comparing the effective conversion price
 after considering the relative fair value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction
 if any
 to the fair value of the common shares at the commitment date to be received upon conversion.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Employee Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC-718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;. ASC-718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award
 usually the vesting period.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Non-Employee Stock-Based Compensation:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with the provision of ASC 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 505-50&amp;#8221;)
 which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement date. The measurement of stock-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying equity instruments vest.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#8221;. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value
 prescribes methods for measuring fair value
 and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used I measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 5.32pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives
 marketable securities and listed equities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;quoted forward prices for commodities
 time value
 volatility factors
 and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments
 as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps
 interest rate swaps
 options and collars.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management&amp;#8217;s best estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates and Assumptions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250 all adjustments are normal and recurring.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#160; A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.&amp;#160; Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.&amp;#160; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company maintains a portfolio of branded consumer products including nutritional products and supplements under the Everlast&amp;#174; and Brain Armor&amp;#174; brands
 and functional food ingredients under the Oceans Omega brand.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company records revenue based on the following four criteria: collection probability is reasonably assure
 delivery is complete
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement and the price can be determined.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Related Parties&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A party is considered to be related to the Company if the party directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new
 roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management
 members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a related party.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronoucements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has evaluated all the recent accounting pronouncements through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and believe that none of them will have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;NOTE 3.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; GOING CONCERN&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.&amp;#160; The Company had no significant operations during the period from November 5
 2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2015 and has a working capital deficit as of November 30
 2015. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is currently in the early growth stage at product introduction phase and expenses are increasing. They have secured short term bridge loans to cover these expenses. The current cash of $187
886 is insufficient to cover the expenses they will incur during the next twelve months. The Company is currently investigating various financing alternatives in order to address this issue.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 4.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; WARRANTS AND OPTIONS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On May 5
 2014
 Trident granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to Trident&amp;#8217;s 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date of issuance. Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 Trident granted 1
125
000 stock options to its president
 Michael Browne; 300
000 stock options to each of its directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott Chapman
 Mark Holcombe; 150
000 stock options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its special advisors
 Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault. The stock options expire on May 5
 2019.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On November 30
 2015
 Michael Browne&amp;#8217;s stock options were amended to 625
000. The total outstanding stock options as of November 30
 2015 are 2
375
000.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company used the Black-Scholes model to value the stock options at $577
054. As of November 30
 2015
 the company expensed $482
653 as compensation expense. Following are the assumptions used for the shares vested 12
 24 and 36 months from the date of issuance: Discount rate .9%
 1.29%
 1.29%; Volatility 68.35%
 67.35%
 68.50%; and Term 3.0
 3.5
 4.0.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The following table represents stock option activity as of and for the period ended November 30
 2015:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number of&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Contractual Life&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;in Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height: 15px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;Outstanding - Nov. 30
&amp;#160; 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;2
875
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;$1.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;4.5&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisabele - Nov. 30
 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised or Vested&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Cancelled or Expired&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;750
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding - Nov. 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top;
 background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
375
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$1.15&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisable - Nov. 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;958
334&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$2.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$354
583&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;NOTE 5.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. The company is paying a director $500 per month rent for use of office space and services.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the quarter ended February 28
 2015
 the company paid off the balance of the loan payable of $53
820 due to Mark Holcombe
 sole officer and director of the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the quarter ended February 28
 2015 Michael Browne loaned the Company $75
000 and the Company paid back $86
250 with $11
250 as a debt issuance cost which is recognized as interest expense when the loan if paid off.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the quarter ended November 30
 2015
 Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc. loaned the Company $180
000 bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principal amount of the loan outstanding. The $180
000 note was advanced during the year ended November 30
 2015. Unless paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on November 2
 2016. As of November 30
 2015
 the full amount of the loan is outstanding and the accrued interest expense is $1
200.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;During the year
 the company purchased inventory from Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc. The total amount of inventory purchased was $291
385.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;NOTE 7.&amp;#160; CONVERTIBLE NOTE&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On January 29
 2015
 Trident Brands Incorporated entered into a securities purchase agreement with a non-US institutional investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
 convertible into shares of the company&amp;#8217;s common stock. The Company received $1
800
000 of the funds from the transaction on February 5
 2015. The balance of $500
000 was received on May 14
 2015.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The convertible debentures are convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at an initial conversion price of $.71 per share
 for an aggregate of up to 3
239
437 shares. The debentures bear interest at 6% per annum. The applicable portion of the Principal Amount and the Interest outstanding shall be due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the applicable Issuance Date. The accrued interest expense is $104
442.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this transaction for working capital and general corporate purposes.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Due to the note being convertible to the company common shares
 beneficial conversion features analysis was performed. The intrinsic value is $647
887 which is recognized as debt discount. As of November 30
 2015
 $500
657 of the debt discount is amortized and the unamortized discount is $147
230.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company analyzed the embedded conversion option for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815-15 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221; and determined that the conversion option should be classified as equity.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 8.&amp;#160; EVERLAST LICENCE AGREEMENT&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On December 23
 2013
 the Company entered into a Deed of Assignment Agreement with Everlast World&amp;#8217;s Boxing Headquarters Corporation
 International Brand Management Limited
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated and Manchester Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and Manchester Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
 a New York corporation
 has assigned its interest in the trade mark license to the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the terms of the assignment agreement
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
 assigns all of its rights
 title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license to the Company effective December 23
 2013 and the Company will assume all of the obligations of Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated under the license agreement. The Company shall remain responsible to Everlast and International Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary
 Sports Nutrition Products Inc.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Everlast Licence Agreement includes a clause stating that Manchester Capital Incorporated will guarantee that the Licensee shall perform all of its obligations and duties under the Licence Agreement. If the Licensee defaults in the payment when due of any amount it is obliged to pay to Licensor under the Licence Agreement
 or arising from its termination
 Manchester Capital is unconditionally responsible to pay that amount to Licensor in the manner prescribed in the Licence Agreement as if it were the Licensee.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Royalty Calculation
 as per the terms of the agreement
&amp;#160;are as follows: In 2013
 7% of Net Retail Sales and 7% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2014
 8% of Net Retail Sales and 8% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2015
 9% of Net Retail Sales and 9% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2016 onwards
 10% of Net Retail Sales and 10% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue. The Annual Minimum Guaranteed&amp;#160;Royalty is $120
000 in 2014
 $235
000 in 2015
 $320
000 in 2016
 $345
000 in 2017 and in 2018 onwards
 if the&amp;#160;Agreement remains in force
 will be 75% of the previous Year's Royalty Calculation or the&amp;#160;previous Year's Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty plus 10%
 whichever is greater.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;NOTE 9.&amp;#160; INCOME TAXES&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of November 30
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of November 30
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net operating tax carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
825
245&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;644
938&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Tax Rate&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;988
836&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;225
728&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(988
836&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(225
728&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ffffff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 2px; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of November 30
 2015
 the Company has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $2.8 million. Net operating loss carryforwards expires twenty years from the date the loss was incurred.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income.&amp;#160; As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain
 the Company recorded a valuation allowance.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 10.&amp;#160; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 28
 2016
 the company issued 3
000
000 common shares pursuant to a Deed of Assignment dated effective January 20
 2015 among our Company
 Oceans Omega LLC
 and the assignor 2298107 Ontario Inc. pursuant to which the assignor has assigned to our Company the assignor&amp;#8217;s non-exclusive rights to purchase
 market
 sell and distribute certain Omega 3 nutritional emulsions produced by Oceans Omega LLC.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On January 29
 2016
 the company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one investor pursuant to which
 in consideration for proceeds of $250
000
 and
 125
000 warrants to purchase common shares of our Company. The $250
000 secured promissory note is due 12 months from the issuance date
 and bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On February 29
 2016
 we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with CIC whereby we received proceeds of $200
000 in return for a $200
000 secured promissory note due 12 months from the issuance date
 bearing interest at the rate of 10% per annum
 and 100
000 warrants to purchase common shares of our Company at an exercise price of $1.35 per share for three years from the date of issue.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting.&amp;#160; The Company has elected a November 30
 year-end.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic Earnings (loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;ASC No. 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share&amp;#8221;
 specifies the computation
 presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC No. 260.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.&amp;#160; Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is principally determined using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates and Assumptions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with ASC No. 250 all adjustments are normal and recurring.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Income taxes are provided in accordance with ASC No. 740
 Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#160; A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.&amp;#160; Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.&amp;#160; Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company maintains a portfolio of branded consumer products including nutritional products and supplements under the Everlast&amp;#174; and Brain Armor&amp;#174; brands
 and functional food ingredients under the Oceans Omega brand.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company records revenue based on the following four criteria: collection probability is reasonably assure
 delivery is complete
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement and the price can be determined.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of November 30
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of November 30
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net operating tax carryforwards&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
825
245&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;644
938&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Tax Rate&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;35&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;%&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Gross deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;988
836&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;225
728&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: top; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(988
836&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #ffffff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(225
728&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #ffffff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 1191px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 142px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 16px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: left; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: #000000 2px solid; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff; width: 141px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom&gt;
&lt;div style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2px; background-color: #cceeff; width: 15px; vertical-align: bottom; valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;












































































&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;NOTE 6.&amp;#160; LOAN PAYABLE &amp;#8211; THIRD PARTY&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We have two short term loans. One for $200
000
 and the other for $100
000 both bearing interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principle amount of the loan outstanding. Unless paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on April 30
 2015 (payment maturity date extended to October 31
 2015 and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;while now technically in default
 the parties to the obligation are working co-operatively to finalize the terms of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;repayment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;) and July 21
 2015 (payment maturity date extended to April 30
 2016) respectively&lt;/font&gt;. As of November 30
 2015
 the full amount of the loans are outstanding and the accrued interest expense is $36
215 ($25
333 and $10
882 respectively).&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzed the modification of the term under ASC 470-60 &amp;#8220;Trouble Debt Restructurings&amp;#8221; and ASC 470-50 &amp;#8220;Extinguishment of Debt&amp;#8221;. The Company determined the modification is not substantial and the Company also determined that the fair value of the new debt is the same as the fair value of the old debt.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;On December 16
 2014
 the Company issued 3 promissory notes totalling $100
000 as bridge loans for working capital purposes. The company paid back $123
000 with $23
000 as debt issuance cost which is recognized as interest expense when the loan is paid off.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principal of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company consolidated financial statements as of November 30
 2015 include the accounts of Trident Brands Incorporated and its subsidiaries: Trident Brands Canada Ltd
 Sports Nutrition Products
 Inc
 and Brain Armor Inc.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Beneficial Conversion Features&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The intrinsic value of a beneficial conversion feature inherent to a convertible note payable
 which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion
 is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of its contractual term
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;the unamortized discount is expensed in the period of retirement to interest expense. In general
 the beneficial conversion feature is measured by comparing the effective conversion price
 after considering the relative fair value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction
 if any
 to the fair value of the common shares at the commitment date to be received upon conversion.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Employee Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC-718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&amp;#8221;. ASC-718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award
 usually the vesting period.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Non-Employee Stock-Based Compensation:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with the provision of ASC 505-50
 &amp;#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 505-50&amp;#8221;)
 which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement date. The measurement of stock-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying equity instruments vest.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#8221;. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value
 prescribes methods for measuring fair value
 and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used I measuring fair value as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 5.32pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives
 marketable securities and listed equities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;quoted forward prices for commodities
 time value
 volatility factors
 and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments
 as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps
 interest rate swaps
 options and collars.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; margin-left: 13.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management&amp;#8217;s best estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Related Parties&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A party is considered to be related to the Company if the party directly or indirectly or through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
 or is under common control with the Company.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related parties also include principal owners of the Company
 its management
 members of the immediate families of principal owners of the Company and its management and other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. A party which can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or if it has an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests is also a related party.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronoucements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has evaluated all the recent accounting pronouncements through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and believe that none of them will have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;div style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Number of&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Contractual Life&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;in Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=height: 15px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div&gt;Outstanding - Nov. 30
&amp;#160; 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;2
875
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;$1.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;4.5&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisabele - Nov. 30
 2014&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;250
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercised or Vested&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-0-&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Cancelled or Expired&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;750
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Outstanding - Nov. 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
375
000&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$1.15&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #ffffff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 521px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: justify; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Exercisable - Nov. 30
 2015&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 226px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;958
334&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$2.00&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 301px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 218px; vertical-align: top; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;div style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$354
583&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;











































 as per the terms of the agreement
 are as follows: In 2013
 7% of Net Retail Sales and 7% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2014
 8% of Net Retail Sales and 8% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2015
 9% of Net Retail Sales and 9% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2016 onwards
 10% of Net Retail Sales and 10% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue. The Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty is $120
000 in 2014
 $235
000 in 2015
 $320
000 in 2016
 $345
000 in 2017 and in 2018 onwards
 if the Agreement remains in force
 will be 75% of the previous Year's Royalty Calculation or the previous Year's Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty plus 10%











	


	

	

	












 March 11































































































































































































































































 March 11


























































 March 11












































































































































































































































































































































 March 11




































































 at Carrying Value













































 Related Parties













 net of discount $147

















 Value


 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2015 and November 30




























 Unamortized Discount (Premium)


















 Shares






 Shares





















































































































 Value
 Share-based Compensation

































































































 Convertible




































































































































































 Stock Options















 Options





 Options
 Outstanding







 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options





 Options





 Options
 Outstanding





 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Outstanding





 Options
 Exercisable





 Options
 Exercisable




























































































 Options
 Outstanding












 Options
 Grants in Period










 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions





 Fair Value Assumptions









































 Interest Rate










 Purchased Goods
























































































 Convertible






 Converted Instrument

























































































































































 Shares




 2007 @ $0.00125 per share and on July 23
 2008 @ $0.00375 per share for the year ended November 30
 2007 and November 30







































 March 11






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2015
Mar. 11
 2016
May. 31
 2015



















































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



000
000

























  2015






































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











886







480







887


049





253


401





253


401












680


758





024


760





000


820





000


000



Convertible Debt
 net of discount $147
230

152
770







998
474


338





998
474


338










Common stock
 ($0.001 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized; 28
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2015 and November 30
 2014

000


000





177
540


000





643)







800
118)


937)





609
221)


937)





253


401




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014









Convertible debt
 discount (in dollars)

230





Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


000
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











569







951







618







286
348)


158)












545)


000)





549)


215)





094)


215)





169
824)


199)





155
181)


199)





643)














000
000


000
000

































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Aggregate revenue from the sale of minerals and related products
 and from rendering services such as exploration
 development
 mining
 processing and providing mining support activities.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a)
(d))
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Nov. 30
 2013

000


000


738)




738)



Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2013

000
000






























200)




199)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2014

000


000


937)




937)



Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2014

000
000








000
000




















887






887







653






653









155
181)


643)


169
824)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2015

000


177
540


800
118)


643)


609
221)



Balance (in shares) at Nov. 30
 2015

000
000








000
000






























































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











169
824)


199)












250







657







653














838)


049)





480)







186


133





204
396)


114)












070)







000


337





000)







000


000





300
000







391
930


337





534














886














887



















































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




















































































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015











 2007.&#160; The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition



 2014. Its activities to date have been limited to capital formation
 organization





































The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015



















 2015 include the accounts of Trident Brands Incorporated and its subsidiaries: Trident Brands Canada Ltd
 Sports Nutrition Products
 Inc





 &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221;
 specifies the computation


















 which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion
 is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of its contractual term
 the unamortized discount is expensed in the period of retirement to interest expense. In general
 the beneficial conversion feature is measured by comparing the effective conversion price
 after considering the relative fair value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction
 if any





 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&#8221;. ASC-718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award





 &#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 505-50&#8221;)


Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments


 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#8221;. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value
 prescribes methods for measuring fair value


Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives
 marketable securities and listed equities.

Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions

 time value
 volatility factors
 and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments
 as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps
 interest rate swaps















 in the opinion of management








 delivery is complete





 controls
 is controlled by







 its management




















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015











 2007 (date of inception) to November 30
 2015 and has a working capital deficit as of November 30
 2015. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is currently in the early growth stage at product introduction phase and expenses are increasing. They have secured short term bridge loans to cover these expenses. The current cash of $187





































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015












 2014
 Trident granted an aggregate of 2
875
000 stock options to directors
 officers
 employees and consultants of the Company pursuant to Trident&#8217;s 2013 Stock Plan. The stock options are exercisable for five years from the date of grant at exercise prices of $0.75 per share for shares vesting 12 months from the date of issuance
 $1.00 per share for shares vesting 24 months from the date of issuance and $1.50 for shares vesting 36 months from the date of issuance. Of the 2
875
000 stock options granted
 Trident granted 1
125
000 stock options to its president
 Michael Browne; 300
000 stock options to each of its directors
 Donald MacPhee
 Scott Chapman
 Mark Holcombe; 150
000 stock options to its controller
 Peter Salvo; and 350
000 stock options to each of its special advisors
 Robert Campbell and Karen Arsenault. The stock options expire on May 5


 2015
 Michael Browne&#8217;s stock options were amended to 625
000. The total outstanding stock options as of November 30
 2015 are 2
375


054. As of November 30
 2015
 the company expensed $482
653 as compensation expense. Following are the assumptions used for the shares vested 12
 24 and 36 months from the date of issuance: Discount rate .9%
 1.29%
 1.29%; Volatility 68.35%
 67.35%
 68.50%; and Term 3.0
 3.5





























875
































































375














































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015













 2015
 the company paid off the balance of the loan payable of $53
820 due to Mark Holcombe



 2015 Michael Browne loaned the Company $75
000 and the Company paid back $86
250 with $11



 2015
 Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc. loaned the Company $180
000 bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principal amount of the loan outstanding. The $180
000 note was advanced during the year ended November 30
 2015. Unless paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on November 2
 2016. As of November 30
 2015
 the full amount of the loan is outstanding and the accrued interest expense is $1



 the company purchased inventory from Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc. The total amount of inventory purchased was $291















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015











We have two short term loans. One for $200
000
 and the other for $100
000 both bearing interest at the rate of 8.0% per annum
 payable on maturity
 calculated on the principle amount of the loan outstanding. Unless paid earlier
 the loan and accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable in full on April 30
 2015 (payment maturity date extended to October 31
while now technically in default
) and July 21
 2015 (payment maturity date extended to April 30

 2015
 the full amount of the loans are outstanding and the accrued interest expense is $36
215 ($25
333 and $10





On December 16
 2014
 the Company issued 3 promissory notes totalling $100
000 as bridge loans for working capital purposes. The company paid back $123
000 with $23
















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015











 2015
 Trident Brands Incorporated entered into a securities purchase agreement with a non-US institutional investor whereby it agreed to sell an aggregate principal amount of $2
300
000 of senior secured convertible debentures
 convertible into shares of the company&#8217;s common stock. The Company received $1
800
000 of the funds from the transaction on February 5
 2015. The balance of $500
000 was received on May 14



 for an aggregate of up to 3
239
437 shares. The debentures bear interest at 6% per annum. The applicable portion of the Principal Amount and the Interest outstanding shall be due and payable on the date that is 12 months from the applicable Issuance Date. The accrued interest expense is $104





 beneficial conversion features analysis was performed. The intrinsic value is $647
887 which is recognized as debt discount. As of November 30
 2015
 $500
657 of the debt discount is amortized and the unamortized discount is $147







































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015












 2013
 the Company entered into a Deed of Assignment Agreement with Everlast World&#8217;s Boxing Headquarters Corporation
 International Brand Management Limited
 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated and Manchester Capital Incorporated wherein Everlast
 International Brand
 Sports Nutrition and Manchester Capital are parties to a trade mark license and Sports Nutrition
 a New York corporation





 Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Trident Brands Incorporated
 assigns all of its rights
 title
 interest and benefit to the trade mark license to the Company effective December 23
 2013 and the Company will assume all of the obligations of Sports Nutrition Products Incorporated under the license agreement. The Company shall remain responsible to Everlast and International Brand for all acts and omissions of the subsidiary



 or arising from its termination



 as per the terms of the agreement
&#160;are as follows: In 2013
 7% of Net Retail Sales and 7% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2014
 8% of Net Retail Sales and 8% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2015
 9% of Net Retail Sales and 9% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2016 onwards
 10% of Net Retail Sales and 10% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue. The Annual Minimum Guaranteed&#160;Royalty is $120
000 in 2014
 $235
000 in 2015
 $320
000 in 2016
 $345
000 in 2017 and in 2018 onwards
 if the&#160;Agreement remains in force
 will be 75% of the previous Year's Royalty Calculation or the&#160;previous Year's Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty plus 10%
















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015
















































825




































































































 2015








































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015












 2016
 the company issued 3
000
000 common shares pursuant to a Deed of Assignment dated effective January 20
 2015 among our Company
 Oceans Omega LLC
 and the assignor 2298107 Ontario Inc. pursuant to which the assignor has assigned to our Company the assignor&#8217;s non-exclusive rights to purchase
 market






 2016
 the company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one investor pursuant to which
 in consideration for proceeds of $250
000
 and
 125
000 warrants to purchase common shares of our Company. The $250
000 secured promissory note is due 12 months from the issuance date



 2016
 we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with CIC whereby we received proceeds of $200
000 in return for a $200
000 secured promissory note due 12 months from the issuance date
 bearing interest at the rate of 10% per annum
 and 100







































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015





















 2015 include the accounts of Trident Brands Incorporated and its subsidiaries: Trident Brands Canada Ltd
 Sports Nutrition Products
 Inc










 &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221;
 specifies the computation































 which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion
 is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of its contractual term



 the beneficial conversion feature is measured by comparing the effective conversion price
 after considering the relative fair value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction
 if any










 &#8220;Compensation-Stock Compensation&#8221;. ASC-718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
 including stock options
 based on the grant-date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award










 &#8220;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 505-50&#8221;)











 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&#8221;. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value
 prescribes methods for measuring fair value


Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives
 marketable securities and listed equities.

Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions

 time value
 volatility factors
 and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments
 as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument
 can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps
 interest rate swaps


























 in the opinion of management













 delivery is complete











 controls
 is controlled by







 its management









































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))



























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to obtain or issue debt
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015
































875
































































375



































































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015














































825





































































































































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013













886







































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











875
000














000














000







375
000


875
000





334

















































583



































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











May. 05
 2014
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014















375
000


875
000







054









000









653

























875
000




































125
000


000

























000



























000



























000



























000



























000



























000








































































































































































































Value of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Restrictions on equity-based instruments during the vesting period
 such as the inability to transfer unvested awards
 are not taken into account in estimating the fair value of the award. However
 restrictions that remain in effect after an award is vested
 such as the inability to transfer or hedge vested options or a prohibition on the sale of outstanding vested shares (or other type of equity) for a period of time
 affect the estimate of an award's fair value.




























The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 16
 2014
Feb. 28
 2015
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014



















070







000




250











000


820






























































820

































000











250











250







Continental Ingredients Canada
 Inc.



























000






















200











385









Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































000


000







215
















000









000









000


250



























000


















333



























000


















882



































































Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













May. 14
 2015
Feb. 05
 2015
Jan. 29
 2015
Nov. 30
 2015
Dec. 16
 2014

























000











300
000













887













657













230





































300
000









000


800
000






















Common stock conversion
 shares





239
437







































442













887




























































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013











Net Retail Sales
 percentage








Direct Response Sales Revenue
 percentage








Direct Response Sales Revenue
 percentage description

















Direct Response Sales Revenue
 percentage in 2016 onwards








Direct Response Sales Revenue
 percentage description in 2016 onwards










000


000







000









000









 as per the terms of the agreement
 are as follows: In 2013
 7% of Net Retail Sales and 7% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2014
 8% of Net Retail Sales and 8% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2015
 9% of Net Retail Sales and 9% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue; in 2016 onwards
 10% of Net Retail Sales and 10% of 60% of Direct Response Sales Revenue. The Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty is $120
000 in 2014
 $235
000 in 2015
 $320
000 in 2016
 $345
000 in 2017 and in 2018 onwards
 if the Agreement remains in force
 will be 75% of the previous Year's Royalty Calculation or the previous Year's Annual Minimum Guaranteed Royalty plus 10%
 whichever is greater













































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











825
245


938












836


728





836)


728)












































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

















































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











825
245


938



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 29
 2016
Jan. 28
 2016
Feb. 29
 2016
Dec. 16
 2014





















000



























000




000



















































000











000















000










































000
000





































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.























































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.











































































































































































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    (  *!:TA9N[QTHP$  -X3   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;

M12$RR'6V5F%)ZH



M42D6I%(L3*58H$JQ4)5BP2K%PE6*!:P4UD9%K(R+&1E6,C*L)582$KPT)6
MAH6L# M9&1:RLD^RDN9OO=D[4$L#!!0    (  *!:TA(=07NQ0   L   +
M    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDLMNPD 
@%
;X[)9J4@B
WHX*[O]C\ E!+ P04      @6M(

M;H
P$




.5K:_$HG5Q69
*_O9




$Y=5A&4!







M-!@
A(XHR:I7LS6V

)*M5(@[]JA[#(5.R-X'8YRD'W[]/=/


M
:O&!9WEQ22G=$EGK+AET^G'8;(S?X-AW0WQ;QV?#*;MHL(:KMQMTLBTW/29




!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;

M@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!
MI^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/

MVH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'HYI9







 U[F$RQ#
MI'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?
MD@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_


M%KZ_\A@B'


!1_K
MM( .B

MC' A;6Z7X3#/W!\SR2*)H-__3D^7C.QV


=*&4



-NK(+QM1G_!%!+ P04      @6M(T'&U



M$H
F#1Y2C8D?H.@:8(-'T1B*@=(- 
@69#4)*N_#CZZN=1$H
?+V$99D$:
M77;MY *!3A'H= C*KC8;/[TQ
9!%JSBZB (_SL$/@N0JSB

M*PB2. C3&(6=H;S8=AG/TW-@%F71-+-/\.^C;%PXV%\&J[]/%SI9_F-Y ;



PDONG1WK@3\E@*F6$W+MD!2

/N
[6TFE%Q@-;9




))0_IZ#?FI)HEA_1?ZCIBN&?$

'TOYM
MSKP6HXW#X(POZ-;R=S+^Q-

P$D'H)Z41(GPB1GHI:B/BJPH&0.J=V] 
DG :RJ6
MN@K$[%DHN]3Z2D19W
NXB.XRS *QUPBH$&!&1+V+ #= GMHT*%-X& B$AOB
M:)2^Q 2SQP314\4?66GIQYZJNBIHF?6)3(1N5U@Y1%8&?3U4J#7 AJ1Z3U(
M(=C$#IG
(Y
9

M-B9_99580#*[A#QTW+:+S0BYW7@+S-JAXC4W

M/4SM*@N
X^P/M,#T]/0?GPM,8Z3!?B,#TQ;0_L9-F&R*4V :S8^]P/3V]1


M   (  *!:TC:/\ L) 





Y)%;T

2Z%PFD&
MUW


S83IB^?7T!
M!D:N51;X]O_G?



4.XCR+9'U+[Y_Q(YA88(;*[G

M='



M4@]):I.D3A(C(5I2%DX06Q1C%(W/& $!N$.$&(E8

M&R1S@F16CCN


XS2'

MA7JA T#RY^91=K;N 







=.
ME7P1YY]\](!UP(VHNOX:;$Z=%/6%$@8U^QSN9=/?S\
;DHXT-P&.!'@E#)F8

M Q=D;4+2V 4I+

M



M1
T(0EGB_#+7Y/NR
67-

G
4)9]ZK%/3?O$:9_ZZL84Y 5:BE*/HO2. LL\
M_
QTY

C.$$D13-ZS(C 1_@5EJ]%]NN@O'II[4J6?$C+630H*=7W#AP]F*

M]!8

&;D.H\TY](=D)(KN+%#ZI#']31]SJI^$[J(57C
M=C@
#A

  !0/   8
&ULC5=-DYLX$/TK%/<-ZI;XFO*X:DPJ

MVX_/\7F:+D])

M=K.

MH_IHD


M;-MY)LW\?9WTG7
.M._OLW]:TM7R7^M15JK]KSE
9ZV6Q=%!'NMK.WU5M[_E
MFD
Z3[A7[;C\1OOK.*GN'A)'7?W#7)M^N=[


MQX'L# 07R#LBT9
_&-#/L$



MHUGR $MNLV0D2VZQI-H_TIRF*0(TA4V3DS2%12





PZ0N]Q[TT0AO_P=02P
$%     @  H%K2&
J
M65BB 0  L0

MBA'MF^L /'G7RK@=[;SOMXRYJ@
MW WV8
).@U8+'T+;

M6DA#RR+EGFU9X.5-/!LB1NT%O;O'A2..YK34^)%MIV/586;.'54H-Q$@VQ
MT.SH?;[=KR


W0;W!^'@ =5O6?LNF
THJ:$1@_(O.#[W,(FE:H7!I)-3B/

-_R






M4C*$_[

S)E@:-3LH<G0^RHM3#_]Z!PVM$5G1//LNU<2+R8 NOEAIZ*[$G!IH=
MO5MM]WE 1
;,9)34T8E3N&:=?<&IA$P0K5#:.I!JM0SU3
M*-'B+<VRC_.4=OA,NTS@)P)?+=9-)X*19L/PHFR
#@1DXYV$.$&5UON#Z(B



O



LM#OZN-KN-Q&1 +\D3.YL3:+W ^);#'XT.UI$



RC_C_ ..*=Q&P0:52R-I)N=1GRB4
WE SA_RP;!9V/RZ]A;?.3RAN/X^F#++^T
M_@=02P,$%     @  H%K2)C$9@JA 0  L0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T

VN/;11@
M7





0E\P^QG#

CV_XC!/]'QQF%\6**X(%$F@N-KB5TSQ3Q%V=J8:

UCL;/A[=FU]?YR-.=?



!#\%8(?
M$


MI*%5

\@U)1*!3^/6M^E(S$


T;J7N(Z(J3]5JO2W9*0I]PAPRAF?


_1=C%F6JP77HZCM0X&I\/;\DNK_.)ISOY@%?E

M+W-H965T

[&O;53@
V]'W:


D7THPB[.
M5(/MTM-QI
;1^/GPUNSZ.A]XNI

M 0  L0


X4




M+W-H965T




-_S+3+!#X3^$+XGB7C

MTH7_LP0*&A^7W\+:3D]JCSVIP^R_-+R'5!+ P04      @6M(8D0445H


!%1IB$+];.HG5/-#.'QE[UXN?IUT8:Q]H1VNI*8@:;O2%

MF2:L62?
;U!?A63]PR0


M57(V!7P^VY'HOQ ]8W40=:!\$Z'^9*+7B*J\52@MRNBFB0#F
&/PC%D0D6)?
M)+!;XH!7YMANGG@\3(QY

-$6*V=I'
(Y*M;+8*@(Q
MCDARCT@.+!5!&(2NTCA$2D 06H5@9C
+K+QB&Q6!$EFU=@ C=RNL?5H; &!
M/;4A9F






W@RQ(Y:_/_



0

1':SH:3S_V?9*&A<6&[]VJ0GE38.A_,'67YI^0902P,$%     @  H%K
M2
PO!JE 0  L0



MT
0*AAAU-\G7AK3XWU$Z3(R<2K6@F=:56'--0[_/='IA'!
#O








9R0Q/[N')+9[R9-_G4KAH2@LBM))41@4

BL@3)TA6;BY:+PB

ML

Z




!&7P7Q (49VQRJ)-(VU6KW8J6J%[O7-'$:
M5,!9H$WW[9=34R;4]^$TS\G
Y_ML#J;^J4Y:MUZ[V51-6O_V+:GVR!H=D==




JI!]0YWIFB&7V_W
MVK2F_##QO3)['X]Y-1S/XY

I




MY5CJB9@X$8DC%N-$LWID@I$2RW%B)DY


M*5!


G @##C%P80Q2QX*1






F[^ U!+ P04      @6M(LD_&]^$  #:P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R,RYX;6R-5MMNHS 0_17$!Q3;8 5

F3''3'5FP]MXH)1'
MGUW;C\OXP/GQ/DG&S8%V9+QC1]J+-SLV=(2+VV&?C
&
M]=% =\OX =X_H51%.)/0\^C<1U)\:^





ME*(J^9!+,QJPB-25V8M8W)7)A'$P-G1)4SE*17^H*62FP4X:-R9TR+(P+
M\60BC)Y82M- 4U/%3[6*PAT@P3(5(!

UQKT[;+D#-A:M7K\38

M3 7S6SIK^JK
L^_D0A9\'2:E[F1'R%ES<LH0H9!QD




MDN[?KR^$VI6QR$.PS9DY9\:
/?6=T'=VQI@'GWTWL%5XYOSR'$5L?\8]8D_D
M@@?QYDAHC[B8TE/$+A2C@S+JNRB)XSSJ43N$3:W67FA3DROOV@&_T(!=^Q[1

V


K;$T


M$



$%     @  H%K2!
C(P&; @  + H  !D

O:O)C_T\3I4/M*$[H4P0^;C2)6T:94DJ




6 @08#?9BEB\E\F)6+03[


MX








MZ^[\UX./%$0C_E2DY[.QH\P?*?U0DU^GK0N4!U*30B@)+!\WLB=UK91DY
]1
M]#NF(L['=_4?.EUI_X@YV=/Z;W42I70+7.=$SOA:BW?:_R1C#J$2+&C-]:]3
M7+F@S9WB.@W^&IY5JY_]\8!(\U.@
!/DM (P%-A M$H*1$#P0O$5O1$'
M+'6,MH[;/CW.JP.B?\:R*TN')D]=]4KO;\*D:6W#,91ZMV4D(')!PS4&']

M*1.SL29K8 +KCA\
3 +L9L
5LZ$AX%O-FAC[/_



Z4RJ(


)LE8!& GH0$INI<V;S





M);PIB@)EWKK

M]0]02P
$%     @  H%K2.C?8+*D 0  M@



ML\.)MP :NL5N%M.4($07LA=_&_6_+S2$]?Q6?U7J-:YWW,#E1(O?6,[9S;!
MJ(&6'X5]4M-OF$O(O6MA E?5!^-5?)


M[J!S03VC4BLU#73VYY66@U(1W?8N3^R=




!3]

M1N@G.V/

#BJHJ0
8
MAFG0H*KUBUSUO=

ZG;GL(H\&.(.
M58-;5I'6H_BX\M=@^0;F$J(0?RI\8Z-W3YK?$?(I&[\.*S^4'G-]UQ2(/&X

M/X9$$NY)S=2_M[\P3II[B.\UZ%L_JU8];_I+=@^S!\ ^  X!P!T0]0'1(R!V



MA#;
&S3

1!&=A%YU$WG;FC(I!

M;CT?MY


Z[G?XNC[-
W$YW48

MO5Y[0?2-R*/@3[D\C?
H^^TWH^'@FQ^^3X
?OL]^.(L7^5I&F? B7TRC+

MQ$7$:P9Q) [$Q]F9V-][]?WK[(?O7^
DGC@8B@]QE*U2F.5+O_KU5?S0$Z-^



M'H?5;S
_RII6SI
$CW K-W&2T1*9E^5I=?@GZ7RD5O@I#@'/7O(DSH-0)LZP

RQP0'1P


MN-MIO-YXD3-0K?:S#
.#7Z+X
1(SZ:5Q)'UQD::Y3)J %Z_70 :S+%[\TA6S
ME9?(5%SG69H!/F&_AFDW^3P
%N(\C#T'+8;D[IXV#C &_8/?-TZXD4D0^XV


*&&QFX2

MH8


M?@5]A!O5?1[B3;TL2X)YGI'$SF*A;
V=QS=)

^\^ZEB'*2AH#-A2)#A_YH





R)+J7^:YYF

 TQJ@R^L<]\*7-PK0NAA=A11##,KI'4PBH$1?S%J!]
MV5/IHM *8[:I22[Y8!*'\4:KEPBI R@&+A#G4AC8(<-\HQ
RQL&J8CB1]AS
 $1 *97\AM %SZ22_!]W(ED=/7* .


M@+6RP-MN8;MA3^R^GT /@7CVLG]-_^^K]3+:
]1IEDQ8+^PP;5=((LEFIY

R8;LI:]UL(V


M'-PX.ON-(IDN+MRE!6$:L-0D 3


%M
9J=PGYX8

^Q3VBS))48.[!-B!;







9+X1@T]FP4,GX5D1E68@O*_A1NT0P


FG8($;=HF!D5?5(FN [@)\B0JU@?2IR!R


MED2




H8QK!<&OT@RFT%AH(O/)B5BA$#$<Q'&
MBL;K#O\8P/?D?7DANKH-IZ\R$-H31'@*DX5/2LRQ*-*[N JE5H@BB?N5\:K9
M3T:@W/!R/:$*A$KF/%:F9_ ?VDQX+S!V@ACG45J;-I*XL-RCB(=5<6TI_X:
M3Y+F&Y!7S#9%#F@*#@Z87]F__[]JV!4^X30(FW++/%JH99=Q7
Z+%
M=+R38


#
MK9+AAK+E



M#F(2P



M!/Z]I+*LE

/3]A)**









WJY8;]1J/!'TPNP!.EB=&PMI1

AW<R62D]PY/AMVC


M](;F?]_AZV

%@$\*@V0AQJ4DIE-?RR!^V[DR%3Y:09C'+A-5!#35TN^&
M7.13JY#@
EA2 N03= +4SMR:B.]=98')2?3G2

MRQ



MYSZ5.3^@IP?$9$9( T\K94:\(\@(0TK
.6K/ZE[0HT
.4*D2@9XX*VRL/^5P



M-(H

#4J-A3ZE;'H4[MB\VQ^FWOY*B+@7!R]_8&

BU


MO\W!G_.(!IH[@Q;B +6IYXHHA%$JR1]RBY MZI*FU=PZ*#].U-2F3^70!XS?
M TI#?7]6!D*%_TS-9& J'4EC[D09A552'+E8QZK'!*3L#=\

*75Y/
MKD#@?9J\NYSBZ_\?+VZ5 *Q] U941&R3IP#KTMI_^^N_V:N#IF1?-7N
;3^5


M'*OGTG


M2NA@V9R



BQM

:WH^E((#6IZCO8PC+7UCI2P\XMF:

MI#*2OH+=_=](U.XVGAC4%+4%MH),IU09PU3:+J3P?@ ETHKK.B)I%.^:/T


&8HW]@!'WR.B65&U%QYRA
M3L#B[A136=PEL*QBS%%_CI/0)ZGV+OZ




MW%@YC9+MJ6*7&H7&2M@5Q'CLQU6

MOH%)@@^ZC5$R64J-C-7V'9KZW6/0]J.(4G). KB2KO6J[#L5H[DIWU&EYC
M7
.U+
]8 282B[/(:D?II*2_81\\:AU?Z-(_3Q=CQ2H5;Q!;X&(+.OE4+;+%


*
M\^C
Q2:&ZZCXAI(Y-JR8$'3SKE/EZ;-XXOY5KO0H[D[UC-8[BHM(Z9'C;[D+







OCZW\9B
M\;RRKA2_IDO+N]GT#Q_1XP!GY,IM_(L-6NFA6H;F(;SMW5 ZF
OELJJI0@:

JUKRT^L[1J@6E^'VZ 4%J;9S90TP&KW DO.34ESJ8[]\O*T

RSF8MO

.:H

MW*R@YOG!3PT-9%+!UI=]1++\OO1=#91'0I9CHL,JAM56_TJ
O;+ !5^Y0L


MY705FU7]+\.=BK*6*_&XMK

VM=]J)SVE36MI'88
INJ^H[#C5VKGCG\I<G52Y
KI;UJNVE:/:^V??]K











. /&\;
L#/7 ;5.HO9(;:0V*W?Q:C9H*@\F
M4AUZ^(O8Z6X%]!L6:N6!RISZ2U!/T4OLVW7MTBY]'K015W61NT='/3N-D9XA
M?\@&UIUY:F6(


M A0#%     @  H%K2
:R?3QH 0  I!(  !H              ( !P@(  'AL



N



2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      @6M(VC_ +0#  !5#0  &               @ &U%P



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  *!:T@5AW7X (  )4*   8              






M%     @  H%K2(T-CFN@ 0  L0
  !@              ( !T2H  'AL+W=O






4      @6M(F
1F
MJ$!  Q P  &0              @ %9

M=#$R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  *!:T@!DJVTH@$  +$#   9

3

M H%K2&^T$BVC 0  L0


M Q0    (  *!:TBX:.9DH@$  +$#   9                ;LW  !X;]W




M;6Q02P$% ,4      @6M(Y+:]GJ0!  Q P  &0              @ $E

M

M965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4


   $5   9


M A0#%     @  H%K2+)/QO?A @  V@L  !D              ( !?T@  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      @6M(JM,&7JD



O






#$U
3$S



MFB$
 ]_0 /5#(_V-GIS[5CSD7L0^ RA]!]Y]=J(!SGAA.Y$?L-_DG
9A$^:L








HRED'.7C'PC7\6T-?1%
=@XF #Q6JK_ZL9VHC:[\F6VND'C2H(A$9-

:ZV

ME&[!E]] 





^5



M9

MVU6.0Z #WW5Y4/+;'O*;^GER&TN&VU6&N_/AM^C
'(YZW'5+IMM#IB
$Y.UC
MR76[RG7_

MT]LAN)=AM;%J-EQS4]EPJV*US/@L



^TS2O/VFUN?W'2
MP%*KW@0S%D@TQ9)
:7F66UT:DJ^_U7

M)_B?=+^SSU7$9BTS\L;B('QOAO#XD[LGNF
&?K108AZBUK$7=\M&S=NSK20?
MK6B&MBD%?0

M8%X'_M )0S\87_O1OAB);X.
EUYO?@YJ.G_^+NXO RVRE4H.*CEH7SFH&%MJ
M ]?Y$JTEKZU
::WIYZ4MM?\L5)@JJ&_6EMH1JBPUP6Z2\1YJ@NTPT&);JI3K
M;Y$A7M- J6_00#'P1EDPK0KRGN_NF2
@1N0;DI?+JZXUM@#)$VU:'T])VX
M.G;'(]/QN'UA!I[C/89[(NF6NS.6O[B-:\17W_UFN?NOM_L;KD-7(._#GT-?

$O PWV)


M8^2

/
N10@#X%I@_2Z'P][
MOEL0 +B%8NK
Z!-KCX

QA?
M.BX/B@+DVM?AF)A# 2#!NW1RW3_X&9P(;(%H*A*E2% &367%ED$'QG\/C1




4D&N#
MMR[JE@=OQO&R]LDV\-D\S@\&*@-+&%=Q6T

GJ@T@?\/HO'05M#?B!# 4!_);07VK?9)!

M\.SFGDTG&:Z@AG=SL_9G205=&EK!#MG-'=O/Y15SM6-B=5]#Y]1SW)\.HB#F


WMXG=E5M)9K5:;B$7/ :M(
MZ%?:A
U#3VF!V\


M(]U3$*P/X!))KW

M=G+2

5RO=]J-YLN 5R[[UA!MU.N&QM 3

M4J3(\H?;X^XJ4%V&[&;4A3 :V*UVCFIU4Z:JP+,(_';)QR6\!JJW9BG&@

CK$$9J.KB(K'\W0L3: NOS@3QU@K1W6M)L]N? 4 ?J

QY'




__
?\@\6
M1F.7_W30AU%/60^/$XW:*#KR_ #(F?U'Y S!-_7X
P-U8GK_46'TI









M@E8



M:LD'SW3V)DQ(S;RJYYM7][]^_MR]^P


M*9SN
*F*%!&53L.^=_TP_('=PEY2.L'NTVOW_@SH[Y#5VT![2GK5:^^3):5K

#X


T72$?

'X%=*'+8*DA6


#W


M]04UQ\
/^J83I!0
^LP$2XDPY8' BH7])$





R


MSH;(TN$RVB8HE$X/'2OE/HS):LQG)LE[0=(16


&[-.TPI(4Z#IV[)_+I

YZD-TF-$&$BG2QVO
M:
5X[*\
;TQS@^Z NX)HE#F$(W&'AK)!Y5@14!'RCI?^U4./0(2 )C@&Z09=


C5ZR(;




21I\94YY4&F
MJ3I/=WF8AG92$J3 KODG3RA/X%%7?()UZ @D:]JHE0\FLMWWR=2Q.C4GZ 2
MH9O\;Z+

\$)1
E4\9*




M(&0NU?$S@V LK? 

8\N3#8UI



09$
M$D@277J635)2[+ P_V$4NJU)HHG4@ S@*SG

M*?T


MYSLK'O0=$/(Z5

 54]M--
MM(?PQJ,+KD8P5EG=X&KB@0(/PM@,T0GAJ*90_*17'3UING[AT(B:3Q!)4SN
M(YM2@UDFN]#O/KMV&5CKD=P\$3\3F0(]F0 D_M)RV#&%A_:
OIL53PQ4) F(

6!

M8W'$_FND6[YT








SCS%G/.8+IR^.
MTAI1M,F/N$K&0_%2.SQN311XD;<0U?4GHZXJ/\R\DEH!,74(N)H[3KVY<!Q
A&:\;HR8U<#!X'%7:+!PCLWG2??'$(U)CUI0X7E0SDVK[R0D)O#L?
ME#;  T39HTQ

M?/(1*_A4[ZV!CVE&E%B



!EPY;5GJHDKIC

MS$Q
\IZ;O+
ID

&*@
M8!A(5]!H90^(5V%5U@
KY3$ G6U7E8JQ+





MVU=XYW/\H!6P2HMSEEGI6\A*;^6G MY=?.H^7)RSV^[=PQ_LX:Y[?=\]6YP0


ST5
+\


^D
T.N*]*$W6IE8B24NFI&L'-46:




'PUV78
ML*P \.U0S(W'_M/TA)%^HO2BNGSXD2HR4G':  O*4@
24GRD +&FC]:E1 D7






3RY&?6P.\
A6P
VDC9MZAZ(SC)6#G I$S


'61

5/QD413EV5K9)7G

W)B63;OP4K(?LJI\=W.9]DQK62=4Q

K3DG:)1 H
::


MG+(IX27:'Y?DPWCWB/1:'7SNSQ.BN/UZJPD]GCG:P\7IOY'K5\K !^9P\L



M-RZHR+C%6HORU6K/CR(?

M8JSJ))%G?U77+62F/(7FN$4;P4X]C2$R#NP ?@OM7+A-
1_*5-BB+OU*]R



MXZPW[3_OG/@1]B

M$SDS)J9=X27:TN'=:?NY='AIS.\+UHO[;D7_4+J].\VVI=LKV+9@&^*ML^V&
M+):BC


H$U$5R;[RWPK=YG+FD9Y6)E;#EI= Z:J E1D*\U(=/'X
M0T])I.N@HU'@?W6&9L3=
7M7/^PPX$37\;U#=CW_\Q#KP#E8!REZ!FR
J1BP


BDU$<RF]2T





NYC'++)UI;NHVZ4<S=
*;




02G;!=B+AI1N*;G 7FV-0LZY)
M2PJ'*^5;*=_RSH1&$YRQ7(#R.)$%D%'HXG

M&1O)

M/SFXQZ-GSCU-W)*

T

V

4




 O('%9OGN),14/U3Q0?]C?)LAD&@/PS
AAD$J

MI:L7ZN'
+3EK ):2RV_ZR@(!)=\E^Z/KV9]2Z^




^V$IGT59EI;\[X&

BC[YGBNVAZG



M\6@M=VW!KIWC+2S[LVF-!IPONW
-DH'EQKWFQMU;(![/!N9HJ 8L]VT?]NVS


U\%-%(L'AKP&^\:4_FU_OS+R





MSU_6XI %:/4)[[?1KALMO89L'B!; _6EQ#F]KGJKT6CLU;IF6. 3ZS)JG4Y]



M:R7W^(Z[-+ 91&.


ML
P!O%4[
4Y.4LC3R5\

AW%AL;HZ!M8#(_ Z+KV6C'%IO$




YRMI99-#M[+GM8I/O)3C8 XWZB*L
MNTI=8^ )4CMO 744% RT!SUI0.S^#[)*WCL



M_.+!
]UCQ&*(KBWFOKYYN&#MP[3B(?MTT[UFM]T_NA\_73#QO%

SU





M?\::Q[5JNY9H]'KM_4/@QRCR7._XVCQ61$=HH3)6X !Y $U0LSP
57O( 6

%NZ&?'D*JS



MP$9Q

'2Q
M;B4D Z($K5X/0TN &'E^&Z)\R3/@0.A8;FQS99:A#4=ORK(;[.LVPX9)@6
M  QH M0*#KR&FL*Q'1./7$XGOQ!5/8ILBOL'KZ$]Z_C**C778;^#8H.M@(
M&%@X;/ 9F/W=8 C%Q[.$7&9+-R9(FLR6%A*M*U*M#3 R=(()Y




ASP:^/8AN^JGWR51*+1G



W




M:DUD:1$F:

M&IS5J92
4A-L51/H.S)3&YR6ZJ!4!XN#CB]6!R)9 H16*(_*\&BK56M56[6

Q?'899KPI+(NL4H'0=@'955D

MLA0'EJ!T^.A#,P)42P6BD)?QDG!@%A]EPG'&!

MV &:W?%&

G
M_L1=9FC@SOU7=95$-3%7Z[!1GX&5#6:?_:_8CT30%_TL5)GFD^FX*C71%/$R

M'YQ&GV7
?
N* _PLC/L8#$0UVP^HG)

9+<)39@I)1'RCL&


M@H[JQ1RAY)1\ZB


24\ FK\X1

M44(M'EF*GQ+!FI(V7?[0^$GRX'_+D\70CP
K%:IR'$POZ'%AB)
[0O3MT8 V
MXLD?P2\9L2SF!AZ(700'AO!
T90HN5-T_#Z$4?&P%+9W*/

)D\L1


LAERF4]98;+88EB1\U/E1=+%%1HP



BNZ=:J%%1NA

M)KL)(R'/7I)EF5CK8/8HL2M67]1Z\H!%

TJ=!\=;M&)R

M=@$^[W%0S5@_ D6NEXKS(8P$

D?X]
VY9_:V@*M'_;
M$_AJU0T$CRZ^6*:K!&3DCW+Q']GZ6!F%EVJT99R^B0PY*L$T52?DQ?%#&EWR



SS-VG
W-@



M6&_7LREX0B.$5YZ 8TL((:HHDP6KJM()&IV]Y;%3H$8FUK$ZV.H($#7@(X

M!ZM&:Z^QJC'[FU7BBM+KG$*:SV%D_96WG*.SXT'0\V6




MTMD6I;@YEU#R\FR:#FG4H? 7R-@+4YOW6'AJIB_788RR$5&%H& 45C:Z_X
M[-6QM5?LMUELG5
7$=*4^\F4'XZ_PXI.[1K]1RR9J34S6C23JUX!AQI:-HC.

W9'

M4
?




*52W(FXZ:=W)&$=

?T#F9[QMU






$3[XG/U;#A?P1
2+^M&&RKR-L)23IF=D._(J])7XZ4.R[
M_((./B3U#S(K$]!

MT$H^F
?MS/ RU#A;G/CW+6D#)B_J#?B('?=Z)/?IA/K5NBCWD$7FT8K9;1
M



[JH


J^KG'?
MCX6?\)_4-7F



H:D11KK(I*Z=@$@





M?' &E\U^]W_-4=?IHV:_C=J=86O0O3:?G0MT?C/L]CO#X?/'?Q@& 18+9S*D
M4P9=LHNACG1-ZP3M_C4$J$M)/ 

M_@@U6RWGIC_J]B_1M=/KMKJ=/9B%2PX 0D)PB8AK^K4[=D1/-Q&]=#1J+:??

MCX%S1D4$8@2KG63']'@3TY[3[ .@7YKGO0Y\''WH#F* GS^FD!-OB5 4@.MS



0

M#92M6D4O(AU[ &XJOZ91S=ZVPYGIGM+)]^G#^

8L=]4R+N+EDL8]8)\L


M;*8]M&[3[&Z6A*UH/6LD


M2!K


0U[LZLO$H?%]W

Z89SRI8)[Z2R9W:2E59

M

*34V(F0N=IM

MRD1%(J




BDV8H5L
MO\+BZP?NNQPLR]AN(U;(]@$'BU0+!_
Q\?V

/T;.!G[

M \K3]4G &5%8+!Z8[B/:./JU B0,57?Y7FD[@P3_USP.V9Y(&W4D4$%+P*

-H%@,SZA5ANAL0-!35-02@@I<I5UY=]
M#+;S5LBSW&96JRW3]$9\/S[49B IW'!



Z


L@ID$ZH._

BS5*-
B
QWU=MADA.41B$


MSF)B]A

Y/BYI.30)DH6_A0&6V77



M$1W$BAG;I)6=X' C6


) ;FS(7_!L6A#T)?
^S5B1-DE]/%;
MS@W@9PA7/76#@-'(C

/9M'=?6]#;U-UH[U7MV
T8W3)L


MY'@02IV-NV-J['B




FYU5I8E





1   P$ %0   '1D;G0M
M
C Q-3$Q
S!?9&5F+GAM;.U=6W
:.19^WZK]#ZSG=3$&)YDD-=DIC''&M=@P
MF3SUB5W^A-TV*DQI?Y]2MU@Z%!M^Y6(SDUE2H'8UW..9^NYY..?OGU:1$U
M'B F(8H_G;1/STX:
/91$

2^:L%





M**(U

V*KB1G6D1S 1?W$)L4
E=N%0GG5!CLK^YA\T5Q


\@N8[O$N1_GZ
HH -R_\]5F#R?-/9U)O'TH94J6:(T)G\E#;X!




MD$B4)96$3GUA'+*F-Z#5Y@2BMH1Q (.-2*PP
V-#NII#?JZVB*V?$.8.FNF
M.07D/ATU5Z0Y V#98G9IP2@AFV]22S7/VNL%TT_KK[T7J:B*\)I^))M:(G /
MH[1N3YS8.\M



S-V1(OAD$?
MX)@*2I0 \3-X;U\/-$(--JTK:/2#8(PJWH$PN Z[H%EF(!(8XTG_?F]6D

'.FB@UQC4A*QA<KC!M



MV@-D'=751 MKSVX'X J6G?6H[DSW_R%:DB

31S^CB_B=T5G%9GHGONE&.7

M\0A#DK(6RBEV+Z77MGEQI$Q/$W!GAVK5QYI=LF*&^ OYY)%C2BIU[9YC:JZ
MR65ZF5B2HQ^YZ


C?L\O11G/JMTB3&B

Y9?NJFA

U
F
M
K$'L7TLD-M_OL%P-D]@T'V &

MFMC/69Z=TQ]KJC93NEW'M











N!MG(.NQ;&4.?-]*
3

MB^)85#-W+I3SG4:%'6AVG=Q%X1+K8(*E%4P\64B*X33O=^5M2F3)[7J;=0VM


P[0B@9?V
)$#5RD$EN4LA/8EK\^Y\5*3
MT&?'2V;K0@/?.#(#FKRJ8-B$EGV=Y6UY#*\F].D&F!T=VC#;+U(HW&^JC%8N
M$(C:)
_]IJ& 

MAXI[CY@:@\41BLP


AT

M^QHJ\5]IL+[L_






M



W25YR'
MTV\ LT
$0SP.9_-D\V;#=F/? U$$@XOG=3JR3BC#N&+)=F^)%P??@+KN; YW

MGAG;D\A5V.#58N*V;'Z!%IAI&1ZN!KFJ_[@;1VK[Y]5!%&EF3OQPKB3=_^)
M2AL2F(:)?/GCRXPM[Y8JCRO8_7U-#

FK;%






:^=0O^\8I-=92

M(.$_^;7T2J.(J7T69
_3:!DG*V&N1_=IEGB+K&0DNB[8__KJ'Y?G9]]\_\WT

KM/][^</[U#Q8]





MX




M5Y3OO)!G(I.[1TJSE)R2&X_OBC_2+&#R6[27815:N,=)'4X51RE*1M\C=))
M#9*&LKH*\'4XDW1 %!_6G;_[FXROT/CEO0RI/5'6@$:6OJ+XSA;SR
GAG(U
M*BAR%3C9YGT@\R6F



..GXH9=M?GQ#6 $5$8=IC-#&$
M3#:TH8-$




$X';V;7DWGT\D=





!.Y9


UIL9



647S0\AGM1


)B;H^IKT]QV_[E[
M('@B!\T[G?9C
7RYW46\HML'.%RSK55LH&

[VH9)
M
W*T^AD;

MGKLM&NG1VFUZ P98J;9;/D^COWT+@X=EFO[Y-FM@ZG'G:EXL:L:$-X(V2+
M
E



(*[1D/=-'*59HHY9%VX



MED;1A$XFAU.OGVCP\
A







MSKX+[7\Z'
#Z9M6-4_&T[]!O'LX1+R=\HE]@^P^0HJOH%J(]#AT[V@D%O]L
MK)H' =Q]=JV$AKMNG6K@P\OYG6Z+S8)6Z+=B!K!XGV)
F6


2+2SSY@SFN)0VX

O:9Y; C


M;RMTJ_0#O]G


M'2PX40I/\]/'$LD9


]9L7.
M.@H7;(RB^NO38L



M2UY[@6]=2;Z!#YXTLQI 0_TMZ)!5H+=&5\*@0
\U#84#44Z?7*4LD_BD^@1I
Q.\_+?/J%Z:Z0P%PJ!#HEF.
M<49=K4 7$OP=@=%K/S3&^^9%Q[AK\PM%LF&B<$N


RY;Z.L*=*^ 'JJA(XH:K+7%




M;E 0:A5=G)C$K$T!U
#'+W&?9G:KM@'(/B-

MT94O;D)EY+NRQR#I/.CHV$_W#125BY:JH[5_ENDBC'-N
B^-5G9PL])HNIOE



J?J9=<QHEM+0P#3E#1AQ%(Z1Z


JJ:*TH6'
NYWQIN@



ON OE0HJKD
J?+5M<,J]S@#;14EUG7+1B\I
MJ]<KY_1S1MXQT+_A.ZM(


M;GH]N0






MM9M1AM



:SZQ\GM_
IM[K7L_D$G;%M$#[C&V[MPF*%
MN9VP20J]-+L*%I1!'#TD5%S$L;*[C4Q #+ !M$-9*DE(04.V1.ALLNG$J8VS


Z.I_.ZPTM+^A%1P-00V'$YN5<T5V/9Q\F9#[Z)\+D4A.1


M[

_Q&?%&.31.&]4)

M NI?[V#1.#

M9\04W 




*M8M
K$G/DK3S6HM?3$;
K(PVM

ML+%*#?C

M!/-M]. U#\&G8(/.P;LJ@]E;2&Z:

?:QK'83RYK;B^R


!5W2)*'^W/L\2E
J



^B]. G+RD?'9EM


=X9ZOS#8!M%/0SA0
;N
MA.1?[-S*K6D2Q/Y=YB69W5;2 &-9:=







MM(?@81[$I QVD%AVB11]V@:11/1*\PP0;B)85(:Q@Y?6 IF7H9.S;S+7\X


.QXFKOI
)X[K32&+B+


M30^.-0+7#NI@)GG[Z?P]B#]$
&TULE6KVC 81QLI-^MOKP%QH_+BJ;]8 96J



!]30
MYK4&1B

-Y^:(NM\M1G$WC9)4'4]Y]O



MXBA[1)9E:2?

C)6+=


MCA.M-:ANLSQ@#A23'W&H[;:\.22'-J-U.+4TJ+(%SD5(

M:@DFX$9?(4]F.5Q286J1Q'411U[H?_ 6ZT?3X%Y)!Y*0)0=P*!%Y*U(TPQ&#


M'6@RI!9;*8&)&]8K4 N=_N EOWT?AVRP[FV\L(0

/^V

M D+-DHIFI&R'R'NY 4#@P4P[KO-A!ZB0^N=6J@]ED8G6JCH#UYHU'!M#;
MA)8[F&H&H M&!:1#P1'-R+8=+G_4 @BBA:,A *T*'Z!#MD[4J4_S2E&C.^)



DJ]NGPRPHLPU
^ZQQ7!2:(%N%&5 R^C[-'


ML?*/
;^N%P;9\RV3M]X#38NN'%W\:37
 UKAL@]DUPER*S$NQQ6RMAKM78/C


M$02DRNN$FZ?]7P
^S=7A]!D%&2T$8SC=

MT%;80E7
P:'[[#FG5;7\]A#Q.2J[ :==#4;E#J0@O%Y+??@XA/2CB-'A+J





J:Z9

Y]





8JJ
DH






A.1=294
J


M:(!C M9F17E3L, # 9Z1(DL,C 6WN;8P%1RV]3ZH-DMS;P@O/-FFK?DY)4

XX:D/?0%QJ/5ACJ1R^6$'03Q_
M=X@1R?9 D^)H2G[HM:;-ID0T 5CGJ[C**6_2U]HM&&VC\49\X0=GO #')M
--[#JL#!BPY#DPY*Z:[B1K;78J'!S=&2
MN?KV'SI[8^;)1[8!KE9=[W(&@=+D$9I<. GF*Q4'^C5ELK/QR4IQR4W5PEC
M?[^A\&:KO:)V$C)!FB_]LJ_=

8R+:O$(;AH'&AS%

=
MTU3U-%&PWFS -.*VQRJ&
F((6Q#4#+*U1I%I[NOQQ#^](0UZ0MJB3*H;5!N+
M4LXOLBC%1H



DA*2 OT4J 8\L[G)0].;PRU[+ARP]L*1)0OVY]WF4IC1+KVDV

L-5




1$ A$L


M^3

M91@O
9B_+B!R- :11OOMFSCS0@1 \(5

G




MX?0


I;8



'U

Y+C$


H0-/$\BU9]4+


C Q-3$Q

M7]=QI

M4Y5X' #$Z=




MS

.Z;NF+=



M#UE?-[^^\YY0=-C!\E'*A[VV\DH7?ST[1@\?$ EQ
(RK=;54^ZA]9AM6DM3H

D6$HFHR?:WIL*_)83^M!?DJ039+


MAH1XT2W3Z)=_H+62@U+9:;^])!QV;+0.S(-;&_G66/Z^43CB3BWRLS?=]&

7=A]'ZE'L8[3A!_#\(/XE*J57UAE^ET;R= @VG+S'H2;+SA*F23)
M^B:




6'-

M+PCD7K 49DG)I5D_H4SAF^&-FXOQ7]SSK_C


7U8HIF@C





]

_IP/?399IMVZ_1+/1#%;?ZRM
^=
14!;;-8'5CGRO*




^2&@ F\Q@]HSA%G\*822]Z

MUP2V

M?6/.WO I][X+0;][H 9)0L*G-




M8-&.(@V5$@SM9K;@3/^$^
=

MJ_#.(%NZ9.-=!


MG!DPL*D%1%+8)#1MSL%@^0'H&G'H8*V+NQ&Q\STV^=[45&L\(;MVM^ J&\

MVE E2K6@W\$]JE((L'<C%VP]*3:VB8%^@[=QY:HOGBXD6.0B&,0!_XM'@SY[
M$5^4\SC]\H&%*@;6HAGX!W^K;(MM$78A6ZH8\X-&T+6;#AHW_4VJ0__1K [


E(/=]R] 5JPV]1G+VEO;U(:G93MTIST\7V[$NUIRJ
MN#L1,/F8KE91-MH8RLUHNXUGFQS*@UNPYBU
.V?2'HUJUG% IRS*UD5]2$)






26N &%'

MD!:37)P*=V5G)O

?=DWM$:_
MMB*D(AM(3K0!






=JDGLLT*(
MX-;!H#?%E)6@

Q^]%'!CC ?Q[9-02=9K3*L

BOVS'U1\Q8(?*<[VAF?5L

MAJPIG!8N-(=V7*[]M/=?;\D)#8X![^$\L^@OUZ]%'O+L^(-O'MEV?90F_%IU
NL$&][9-CT7R<Q8R
MWG(]+G#Q%87S18* 5M@O#G:6FP/)/01YVEVS*-?P\X A36?PK&PN82Z<:?U


W2O*J$-N+#?NV4RF
:^ED@
MZ9&TNO31:0_& 7L*RBL018-.I\8?NF$+4-Y;&F2QO(FK2/:V1_1J+A
5=(?*

EQG
MQ\XPDVUU.;T*(@Z



*N



MBN5;5G3:@SV-JT^8AFTZ2:A[-''27*U\%9+G6OFL.2T!WMLYH@P,3!HNTK




M2R.Y82DM.^W#'BXY8DT&#?KQ

M*2](2]++]%N:4G%?@QRKITI:H

M*@UL4%;0QPRG
*FZJ2\<NDTEB7#7BVG_Q

O251F*S'7M)(1C/SKT_?MS3KW]'57BZ_K:K_U'Y5K[)E
M50FKL81


M3






MNH_J6F )LALA+9GJQS0A*9_@;N
$



M




4!O!3[



M$6A




M$@.)B5RW.CPGYF5O35B)F7!5@0Y_1)?\$5VR$_LU0L%H-J TG

MTX\LT0





-IJC!Z#6B/@FSSM8AM] 
5)A$XSR7
)[J
M/6;)O
-*_C*^0-Z\CO-^JI0H0Z-3,4E7-!7GFN,8@-R+9N!BEYH?!27,$+?
MA'9#NJ-97-PB5)C#,56A!!?Z!K7L9#..4R_Z%,;A,EU^9)LY+TX0L9X[47)
M6GK0J:P%%?A0BUT]).@XB$H

U78- YNJMS^N
@#MA?
M/VG6:/N6H&(3FN9; !

6W);XV

M&\UZ3)\H^BUE:(;\K3QJ

'#

M
Z6DXW*'U6E=O :*A)=)[5VY=XV=_=ZY
OIJ
EZ]9=Y*LG&U%9J+ASH90$

MEOV3DF&C!JSX2D9E)!N#,S5X%YA&O(0+9C1?15YE(YF7SW(^M'9!S.%\GV

PTVACE4  +(Y P 1
M            0    !T9&YT+3(P,34Q,3,P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  *!
M:T@X9I/',@L  #9?   1                ;U5  !T9&YT+3(P
34Q
3
P
M+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  *!:TBU_S;R08  .=.   5              
M 1YA  !T9&YT+3(P
34Q
3
P7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4      @6M(_9^E



