

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100493-13-000079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20131118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20131118
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TYSON FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				710225165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0929
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14704
		FILM NUMBER:		131225497
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 DON TYSON PARKWAY
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72762-6999
		BUSINESS PHONE:		479-290-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2020
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 2020
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72765-2020












		


Washington
September&#160;28
TYSON FOODS
2200 Don Tyson Parkway
 Springdale
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Class A Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
March&#160;30
 2013
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s Class&#160;A Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class A stock)
 and Class B Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class B stock)
$6
927
429
$391
039
 respectively. Class B stock is not publicly listed for trade on any exchange or market system. However
 Class B stock is convertible into Class&#160;A stock on a share-for-share basis
October&#160;26
 2013
273
804
70
013
January&#160;31
 2014
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Founded in 1935
 Tyson Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#32;500 with one of the most recognized brand names in the food industry. We produce
 distribute and market chicken
 beef
 pork
 prepared foods and related allied products. Our operations are conducted in four segments: Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods. Some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs
 raw materials
We operate a fully vertically integrated poultry production process. Our integrated operations consist of breeding stock
 contract growers
 feed production
 processing
 further-processing
 marketing and transportation of chicken and related allied products
 including animal and pet food ingredients. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cobb-Vantress
 Inc. (Cobb)
We also process live fed cattle and hogs and fabricate dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts
 case ready beef and pork and fully-cooked meats. In addition
We produce a wide range of fresh
 value-added
 frozen and refrigerated food products. Our products are marketed and sold primarily by our sales staff to grocery retailers
 grocery wholesalers
 meat distributors
 warehouse club stores
 military commissaries
 industrial food processing companies
 chain restaurants or their distributors
 international export companies and domestic distributors who serve restaurants
 foodservice operations such as plant and school cafeterias
 convenience stores
 hospitals and other vendors. Additionally
We operate in four segments: Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods. The contribution of each segment to net sales and operating income (loss)
 and the identifiable assets attributable to each segment
&#32;Chicken operations include breeding and raising chickens
 as well as processing live chickens into fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Beef operations include processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
 as well as logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Pork operations include processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes our live swine group
 related allied product processing activities and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Prepared Foods operations include manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products include pepperoni
 bacon
 beef and pork pizza toppings
 pizza crusts
 flour and corn tortilla products
 appetizers
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
We have a 50/50 joint venture with Syntroleum Corporation
 called Dynamic Fuels LLC (Dynamic Fuels)
 which produces renewable synthetic fuels. Construction of production facilities was completed in late fiscal 2010
 and initial production began in October 2010. The plant was idled in October 2012 for scheduled maintenance and plant upgrades
 which were completed in December 2012. Since then
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our chicken operations are corn and soybean meal used as feed and live chickens raised primarily by independent contract growers. Our vertically-integrated chicken process begins with the grandparent breeder flocks and ends with broilers for processing. Breeder flocks (i.e.
 grandparents) are raised to maturity in grandparent growing and laying farms where fertile eggs are produced. Fertile eggs are incubated at the grandparent hatchery and produce pullets (i.e.
 parents). Pullets are sent to breeder houses
 and the resulting eggs are sent to our hatcheries. Once chicks have hatched
 they are sent to broiler farms. There
 contract growers care for and raise the chicks according to our standards
 with advice from our technical service personnel
 until the broilers reach the desired processing weight. Adult chickens are transported to processing plants where they are slaughtered and converted into finished products
 which are then sent to distribution centers and delivered to customers.
 corn
 soybean meal and other feed ingredients were major production costs
&#32;of our cost of growing a live chicken. In addition to feed ingredients to grow the chickens
 we use cooking ingredients
 packaging materials and cryogenic agents. We believe our sources of supply for these materials are adequate for our present needs
 and we do not anticipate any difficulty in acquiring these materials in the future. While we produce nearly all our inventory of breeder chickens and live broilers
 we also purchase live
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our beef operations are live cattle. We do not have facilities of our own to raise cattle but employ cattle buyers located throughout cattle producing areas who visit independent feed yards and public auctions and buy live cattle on the open spot market. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our pork operations are live hogs. The majority of our live hog supply is obtained through various procurement relationships with independent producers. We employ buyers who make purchase agreements of various time durations as well as purchase hogs on a daily basis
 generally a few days before the animals are processed. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals
 and we continually measure their performance. We believe the sources of supply of live hogs are adequate for our present needs. Additionally
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our prepared foods operations are commodity based raw materials
 including chicken
 beef
 pork
 corn
 flour and vegetables. Some of these raw materials are provided by our other segments
Demand for chicken and beef products generally increases during the spring and summer months and generally decreases during the winter months. Pork and prepared foods products generally experience increased demand during the winter months
 primarily due to the holiday season
Wal-Mart Stores
&#32;consolidated sales. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in the Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
Our food products compete with those of other food producers and processors and certain prepared food manufacturers. Additionally
We seek to achieve a leading market position for our products via our principal marketing and competitive strategy
concentrating production
Past efforts indicate customer demand can be increased and sustained through application of our marketing strategy
 as supported by our distribution systems. The principal competitive elements are price
 product safety and quality
 brand identification
 breadth and depth of product offerings
 availability of products
. Major sales markets include Brazil
 Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 Taiwan
Tyson de Mexico
 a Mexican subsidiary
Cobb-Vantress
 a chicken breeding stock subsidiary
 has business interests in Argentina
 Brazil
 China
 the Dominican Republic
 India
 Japan
 the Netherlands
 Peru
 the Philippines
 Russia
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Thailand
 Turkey
Tyson do Brazil
 a Brazilian subsidiary
Tyson Rizhao
 located in Rizhao
 China
Tyson Dalong
 a joint venture in China in which we have a majority interest
Tyson Nantong
 located in Nantong
 China
Godrej Tyson Foods
 a joint venture in India in which we have a majority interest
Our Tyson Rizhao and Tyson Nantong subsidiaries are currently in start-up phase. We continue to evaluate growth opportunities in foreign countries. Additional information regarding export sales
 long-lived assets located in foreign countries and income (loss) from foreign operations is set forth in Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
We conduct continuous research and development activities to improve product development
 to automate manual processes in our processing plants and growout operations
 and to improve chicken breeding stock. Our Discovery Center includes 19 research kitchens and a USDA-inspected pilot plant. The Discovery Center enables us to bring new market-leading retail and foodservice products to the customer quickly and efficiently. Research and development costs totaled 
 
 and 
 
Our facilities for processing chicken
 beef
 pork and prepared foods
 milling feed and housing live chickens and swine are subject to a variety of federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations
 which include provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment and generally provide for protection of the environment. We believe we are in substantial compliance with such applicable laws and regulations and are not aware of any violations of such laws and regulations likely to result in material penalties or material increases in compliance costs. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures
 earnings or competitive position
 and except as described below
Congress and the United States Environmental Protection Agency are considering various options to control greenhouse gas emissions. It is unclear at this time when or if such options will be finalized
 or what the final form may be. Due to the uncertainty surrounding this issue
 it is premature to speculate on the specific nature of impacts that imposition of greenhouse gas emission controls would have on us
We work to ensure our products meet high standards of food safety and quality. In addition to our own internal Food Safety and Quality Assurance oversight and review
 our chicken
 beef
 pork and prepared foods products are subject to inspection prior to distribution
September&#160;28
 2013
115
99
16
&#32;employees were in foreign countries
 primarily China
30
&#32;employees in the United States were subject to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions
8
Our principal marketing objective is to be the primary provider of chicken
 beef
 pork and prepared foods products for our customers and consumers. As such
 we utilize our national distribution system and customer support services to achieve the leading market position for our products. On an ongoing basis
 we identify distinct markets and business opportunities through continuous consumer and market research. In addition to supporting strong regional brands across multiple protein lines
We have the ability to produce and ship fresh
 frozen and refrigerated products worldwide. Domestically
 our distribution system extends to a broad network of food distributors and is supported by our owned or leased cold storage warehouses
 public cold storage facilities and our transportation system. Our distribution centers accumulate fresh and frozen products so we can fill and consolidate partial-truckload orders into full truckloads
 thereby decreasing shipping costs while increasing customer service. In addition
 we provide our customers a wide selection of products that do not require large volume orders. Our distribution system enables us to supply large or small quantities of products to meet customer requirements anywhere in the continental United States. Internationally
 we utilize both rail and truck refrigerated transportation to domestic ports
We have filed a number of patents and trademarks relating to our processes and products that either have been approved or are in the process of application. Because we do a significant amount of brand name and product line advertising to promote our products
 we consider the protection of our trademarks to be important to our marketing efforts. We also have developed non-public proprietary information regarding our production processes and other product-related matters. We utilize internal procedures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality of such information and
 where appropriate
Our agreements with customers are generally short-term
 primarily due to the nature of our products
 industry practices and fluctuations in supply
 demand and price for such products. In certain instances where we are selling further processed products to large customers
 we may enter into written agreements whereby we will act as the exclusive or preferred supplier to the customer
We maintain an internet website for investors at http://ir.tyson.com. On this website
 we make available
 free of charge
 annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
  XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language)reports
 and all amendments to any of those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with
 or furnish to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also available on the website for investors are the Corporate Governance Principles
 Audit Committee charter
 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee charter
 Governance and Nominating Committee charter
 Strategy and Acquisitions Committee charter
 Code of Conduct and Whistleblower Policy. Our corporate governance documents are available in print
Certain information in this report constitutes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 current views and estimates of our outlook for fiscal 2014
 other future economic circumstances
 industry conditions in domestic and international markets
 our performance and financial results (e.g.
 debt levels
 return on invested capital
 value-added product growth
 capital expenditures
 tax rates
 access to foreign markets and dividend policy). These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
Among the factors that may cause actual results and experiences to differ from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are the following: (i)&#160;the effect of
 or changes in
 general economic conditions; (ii)&#160;fluctuations in the cost and availability of inputs and raw materials
 such as live cattle
 live swine
 feed grains (including corn and soybean meal) and energy; (iii)&#160;market conditions for finished products
 including competition from other global and domestic food processors
 supply and pricing of competing products and alternative proteins and demand for alternative proteins; (iv)&#160;successful rationalization of existing facilities and operating efficiencies of the facilities; (v)&#160;risks associated with our commodity purchasing activities; (vi)&#160;access to foreign markets together with foreign economic conditions
 including currency fluctuations
 import/export restrictions and foreign politics; (vii)&#160;outbreak of a livestock disease (such as avian influenza (AI) or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE))
 which could have an adverse effect on livestock we own
 the availability of livestock we purchase
 consumer perception of certain protein products or our ability to access certain domestic and foreign markets; (viii)&#160;changes in availability and relative costs of labor and contract growers and our ability to maintain good relationships with employees
 labor unions
 contract growers and independent producers providing us livestock; (ix)&#160;issues related to food safety
 including costs resulting from product recalls
 regulatory compliance and any related claims or litigation; (x)&#160;changes in consumer preference and diets and our ability to identify and react to consumer trends; (xi)&#160;significant marketing plan changes by large customers or loss of one or more large customers; (xii)&#160;adverse results from litigation; (xiii)&#160;risks associated with leverage
 including cost increases due to rising interest rates or changes in debt ratings or outlook; (xiv)&#160;compliance with and changes to regulations and laws (both domestic and foreign)
 including changes in accounting standards
 tax laws
 environmental laws
 agricultural laws and occupational
These risks
 which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this report
 could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of raw materials
 especially feed grains
 live cattle
Our results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon the cost and supply of raw materials such as feed grains
 live cattle
 live swine
 energy and ingredients
 as well as the selling prices for our products
 many of which are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. Corn
 soybean meal and other feed ingredients are major production costs for vertically-integrated poultry processors such as us
. As a result
 fluctuations in prices for these feed ingredients
 which include competing demand for corn and soybean meal for use in the manufacture of renewable energy
 can adversely affect our earnings. Production of feed ingredients is affected by
 among other things
 weather patterns throughout the world
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for grains and other feed ingredients
We have cattle under contract at feed yards owned by third parties; however
 most of the cattle we process are purchased from independent producers. We have cattle buyers located throughout cattle producing areas who visit feed yards and buy live cattle on the open spot market. We also enter into various risk-sharing and procurement arrangements with producers who help secure a supply of livestock for daily start-up operations at our facilities. The majority of our live swine supply is obtained through procurement arrangements with independent producers. We also employ buyers who purchase hogs on a daily basis
 generally a few days before the animals are required for processing. In addition
 we raise live swine and sell feeder pigs to independent producers for feeding to processing weight and have contract growers feed a minimal amount of company-owned live swine for our own processing needs. Any decrease in the supply of cattle or swine on the spot market could increase the price of these raw materials and further increase per head cost of production due to lower capacity utilization
Demand for our products also is affected by competitors&#8217; promotional spending
 the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing programs
We attempt to obtain prices for our products that reflect
 in part
 the price we must pay for the raw materials that go into our products. If we are not able to obtain higher prices for our products when the price we pay for raw materials increases
Demand for our products can be adversely impacted by outbreaks of livestock diseases
 which can have a significant impact on our financial results. Efforts are taken to control disease risks by adherence to good production practices and extensive precautionary measures designed to ensure the health of livestock. However
 outbreaks of disease and other events
 which may be beyond our control
 either in our own livestock or cattle and hogs owned by independent producers who sell livestock to us
 could significantly affect demand for our products
 consumer perceptions of certain protein products
 the availability of livestock for purchase by us and our ability to conduct our operations. Moreover
 the outbreak of livestock diseases
 particularly in our Chicken segment
 could have a significant effect on the livestock we own by requiring us to
 among other things
 destroy any affected livestock. Furthermore
 an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our products to or from our suppliers
We are subject to risks associated with our international activities
 which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries
 as well as our operations and assets in such countries.
&#32;countries. Major sales markets include Brazil
 Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 Taiwan
&#32;totaled $5.7 billion
&#32;related to export sales from the United States. In addition
&#32;of long-lived assets located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 Mexico and India
As a result
 we are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries regarding the importation of poultry
 beef
 pork and prepared foods products
closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of poultry
impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies
 particularly the Brazilian real
 the British pound sterling
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renminbi
 the European euro
difficulties and costs to comply with
 and enforcement of remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including
 without limitation
distribution costs
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
115
&#32;employees
38
&#32;of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability and relative costs of labor and maintaining good relations with employees and the labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the labor unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages
We contract primarily with independent contract growers to raise the live chickens processed in our poultry operations. A majority of our cattle and hogs are purchased from independent producers who sell livestock to us under marketing contracts or on the open market. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with growers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers
If our products become contaminated
Our products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and E. coli. These organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment; therefore
 there is a risk that one or more
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our products. These organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled
 but may not be eliminated
 by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little
 if any
 control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. Even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims
 product recalls (which may not entirely mitigate the risk of product liability claims)
 increased scrutiny and penalties
 including injunctive relief and plant closings
 by federal and state regulatory agencies
 and adverse publicity
We are involved on an on-going basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims relating to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
Our indebtedness
 including borrowings under our revolving credit facility
 may increase from time to time for various reasons
 including fluctuations in operating results
 working capital needs
 capital expenditures and possible acquisitions
Our revolving credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into sale/leaseback or hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our 4.50% Senior notes due June 2022 also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. In assessing the carrying value of goodwill
 we make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management&#8217;s judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated principally using an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under the income approach
 we are required to make various judgmental assumptions about appropriate discount rates. Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions
 could
 among other things
 cause us to increase the discount rate used in the goodwill valuations. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
 divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of goodwill
Our operations are subject to extensive federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations by authorities that oversee food safety standards and processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and export of our products. Our facilities for processing chicken
 beef
 pork
 prepared foods and milling feed and for housing live chickens and swine are subject to a variety of international
 federal
 state and local laws relating to the protection of the environment
 including provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment
 and to the health and safety of our employees. Our domestic chicken
 beef and pork processing facilities are participants in the HACCP program and are subject to the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002. In addition
 our products are subject to inspection prior to distribution
 primarily by the USDA and the FDA. Also
 our livestock procurement and poultry growout activities are regulated by the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyards Administration
 which is part of USDA&#8217;s Marketing and Regulatory Programs. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand
 introducing new products
 building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. Additionally
 we are routinely subject to new or modified laws
 regulations and accounting standards. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
A material acquisition
We periodically evaluate potential acquisitions
 joint ventures and other initiatives (collectively
 &#8220;transactions&#8221;)
 and we may seek to expand our business through the acquisition of companies
 processing plants
 technologies
 products and services
 which could include material transactions. A material transaction may involve a number of risks
difficulty integrating acquired businesses
 technologies
We may not be able to address these risks and successfully develop these acquired companies or businesses into profitable units. If we are unable to do this
Our business is exposed to fluctuating market conditions. We use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in commodity prices
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We hold certain positions
 primarily in grain and livestock futures
 that do not qualify as hedges for financial reporting purposes. These positions are marked to fair value
 and the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Therefore
 losses on these contracts will adversely affect our reported operating results. While these contracts reduce our exposure to changes in prices for commodity products
Our business may be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 access to capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products
 or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials
 cooking ingredients and packaging materials
Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions could
cause our lenders to depart from prior credit industry practice and make more difficult or expensive the granting of any amendment of
 or waivers under
impair the financial condition of some of our customers and suppliers
negatively impact global demand for protein products
 which could result in a reduction of sales
decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities
 including our marketable debt securities
The food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Trends within the food industry change often
 and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reductions for our products
Our business could suffer significant setbacks in sales and operating income if our customers&#8217; plans and/or markets change significantly or if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including
 for example
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
. Many of our agreements with our customers are short-term
 primarily due to the nature of our products
Our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years
 and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the United States and in other major markets. These consolidations have produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
 opposing price increases
 and demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. These customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. Because of these trends
 our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products
Natural disasters
 fire
 bioterrorism
 pandemic or extreme weather
 including droughts
 floods
 excessive cold or heat
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of livestock or interfere with our operations due to power outages
 fuel shortages
 damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels
 among other things. Any of these factors
 as well as disruptions in our information systems
Media outlets
 including new social media platforms
 provide the opportunity for individuals or organizations to publicize inappropriate or inaccurate stories or perceptions about our Company or the food production industry. Such practices have the ability to cause damage to our brands
 the industry generally
We have been exploring ways to convert animal fats and other by-products from our operations into value-added products. For example
 our joint venture Dynamic Fuels produces renewable synthetic fuels. We will continue to explore other ways to commercialize opportunities outside our core business
 such as renewable energy and other technologically-advanced platforms. These initiatives might not be as financially successful as we initially announced or might expect due to factors that include
 but are not limited to
 availability of tax credits
 competing energy prices
 failure to operate at the volumes anticipated
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of the outstanding shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class B stock) and the TLP and members of the Tyson family own
 in the aggregate
&#32;of the outstanding shares of the Company's Class&#160;A Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class A stock)
 giving them
 collectively
&#32;of the total voting power of the Company's outstanding voting stock. At this time
 the TLP does not have a managing general partner
 as such
September&#160;28
 2013
 Mr.&#160;John Tyson
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
&#32;of the general partner percentage interests
 and Ms.&#160;Barbara Tyson
 a director of the Company
)&#160;and Harry C. Erwin
)). As a result of these holdings
 positions and directorships
 the partners in the TLP have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our stockholders
 including amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws
 the election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as a result of the TLP's significant ownership of our outstanding voting stock
We have production and distribution operations in the following states: Alabama
 Arkansas
 California
 Florida
 Georgia
 Illinois
 Indiana
 Iowa
 Kansas
 Kentucky
 Mississippi
 Missouri
 Nebraska
 New Mexico
 New York
 North Carolina
 Oklahoma
 Pennsylvania
 South Carolina
 Tennessee
 Texas
 Utah
 Virginia
 Washington and Wisconsin. We also have sales offices throughout the United States. Additionally
 we
 either directly or through our subsidiaries
 have sales offices
 facilities or participate in joint venture operations in Argentina
 Brazil
 China
 the Dominican Republic
 Hong Kong
 India
 Ireland
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Netherlands
 Peru
 the Philippines
 Russia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Turkey
 the United Arab Emirates
1
1
1
September 28
173
444
Capacity based on a five day week for Chicken and Prepared Foods
&#32;Chicken processing plants include various phases of slaughtering
 dressing
 cutting
 packaging
 deboning and further-processing. We also have 15 animal nutrition operations
 which are part of the Chicken rendering plants
 and one pet treats plant. The blending mills
&#32;Prepared Foods plants process fresh and frozen chicken
 beef
 pork and other raw materials into pizza toppings
 branded and processed meats
 appetizers
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 pizza crusts
Our Dynamic Fuels joint venture produces renewable synthetic fuels. Construction of production facilities was completed in late fiscal 2010
 and initial production began in October 2010. Dynamic Fuels operates one plant with designed annual capacity of 75&#160;million gallons. The plant was idled in October 2012 for scheduled maintenance and plant upgrades
 which were completed in December 2012. Since then
We believe our present facilities are generally adequate and suitable for our current purposes; however
Refer to the description of certain legal proceedings pending against us under Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 20: Commitments and Contingencies
On May 8
 2008
 a lawsuit was filed against the Company and two of our employees in the District Court of McCurtain County
 Oklahoma styled Armstrong
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al. (the Armstrong Case). The lawsuit was brought by a group of 52 poultry growers who allege that certain of our live production practices in Oklahoma constitute fraudulent inducement
 fraud
 unjust enrichment
 negligence
 gross negligence
 unconscionability
 violations of the Oklahoma Business Sales Act
 Deceptive Trade Practice violations
 violations of the Consumer Protection Act
 and conversion
 as well as other theories of recovery. The plaintiffs sought damages in an unspecified amount. On October 30
 2009
 20 additional growers represented by the same attorney filed a lawsuit against us in the same court asserting the same or similar claims
 which is styled Clardy
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 et al. (the Clardy Case). In both of these cases we have denied all allegations of wrongdoing. In June 2009
 the plaintiffs in the Armstrong case requested an expedited trial date for a smaller group of plaintiffs they claimed were facing imminent financial peril. The Court ultimately severed a group of 10 plaintiffs from the Armstrong Case
 and a trial began on March 15
 2010. On April 1
 2010
 the jury returned a verdict against us and one of our employees
 and on April 2
 2010
 the Court entered a judgment in the amount of $8
655
735
 which included punitive damages. Subsequent to the trial
 the presiding judge disqualified from the cases and the Oklahoma Supreme Court appointed a new judge to the cases. Following this appointment
 the trial court granted our motions for change of venue and to stay all future trials of plaintiffs in the Armstrong Case and the Clardy Case pending the outcome of our appeal of the initial Armstrong Case verdict. The trial court took under advisement the sizes of groupings of plaintiffs in future trials in response to our motion to sever the plaintiffs' claims into individual cases. We appealed the initial Armstrong Case verdict to the Oklahoma Supreme Court based on numerous irregularities and rulings during the trial
 and the Oklahoma Supreme Court reversed the verdict and remanded the case back to the trial court. At this time
In September 2013
 the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) alleged that one of our subsidiaries did not comply with the Clean Water Act with respect to a spill that occurred in North Carolina in January 2010. The DOJ is seeking civil penalties
115
&#32;employees and
 at any time
 have various employment practices matters outstanding. In the aggregate
 these matters are significant to the Company
 and we devote significant resources to managing employment issues. Additionally
 we are subject to other lawsuits
 investigations and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business. While the ultimate results of these matters cannot be determined
Our executive officers serve one-year terms from the date of their election
 or until their successors are appointed and qualified. No family relationships exist among these officers. The name
 title
Senior Vice President
President of Prepared Foods
Curt T. Calaway was appointed Senior Vice President
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in 2012
 after serving as Vice President
 Audit and Compliance since 2008
Howell P. (&#8220;Hal&#8221;) Carper was appointed Executive Vice President Strategy and New Ventures in 2013
 after serving as Group Vice President
 Research and Development
 Logistics
 and Technical Services since 2008
 prior to which he served as Senior Vice President
 Corporate Research and Development since 2003
 and Senior Vice President and General Manager
 Foodbrands Foodservice since 2001. Mr. Carper was appointed by IBP
 inc. as Senior Vice President
 Sales and Marketing in 1999. IBP
 inc. was acquired by the Company in 2001. Prior to employment with IBP
 inc.
 he served as Senior Vice President
 Sales and Marketing with Foodbrands
 Inc.
 which was acquired by IBP
Kenneth J. Kimbro was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in 2012
 after serving as Senior Vice President
 Chief Human Resources Officer since 2007
 prior to which he served as Senior Vice President
 Human Resources. Mr.&#160;Kimbro was initially employed by IBP
Donnie King was appointed President of Prepared Foods
 Customer and Consumer Solutions in 2013
 after serving as Senior Group Vice President
 Poultry and Prepared Foods since 2009
 after serving as Group Vice President
 Refrigerated and Deli since 2008
 Group Vice President
 Operations since 2007
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Products Operations since 2006 and Senior Vice President
 Poultry Operations since 2003. Mr.&#160;King was initially employed by Valmac Industries
 Inc. in 1982. Valmac Industries
Dennis Leatherby was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008 after serving as Senior Vice President
James V. Lochner was appointed Chief Operating Officer in 2009
 after serving as Senior Group Vice President
 Fresh Meats since 2007
 prior to which he served as Senior Group Vice President
 Fresh Meats and Margin Optimization since 2006 and Senior Group Vice President
 Margin Optimization
 Purchasing and Logistics since 2005. Mr.&#160;Lochner was initially employed by IBP
Donnie Smith was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2009
 after serving as Senior Group Vice President
 Poultry and Prepared Foods since January 2009
 prior to which he served as Group Vice President of Consumer Products since 2008
 Group Vice President of Logistics and Operations Services since 2007
 Group Vice President Information Systems
Stephen R. Stouffer was appointed President of Fresh Meats in 2013
 after serving as Senior Vice President
 Beef Margin Management since 2012
 prior to which he served as Vice President
 Ground Beef
 Trim and Variety Meats Sales since 2009
 and Director
 Ground Beef
 Trim and Carcass Sales since 2006. Mr. Stouffer was initially employed by IBP
David L. Van Bebber was appointed Executive Vice President and General Counsel in 2008
Noel White was appointed President of Poultry in 2013
 after serving as Senior Group Vice President
 Fresh Meats since 2009
 after serving as Senior Vice President
 Pork Margin Management since 2007 and Group Vice President
 Fresh Meats Operations/Commodity Sales since 2005. Mr.&#160;White was initially employed by IBP
Carper
 King
 Stouffer and White were appointed to their new positions on November 14
 2013
 and it is expected that these officers will fully transition to their respective positions by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2014. On November 18
 2013
ITEM&#160;5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
We have issued and outstanding two classes of capital stock
October&#160;26
 2013
 there were approximately 24
000 holders of record of our Class&#160;A stock and eight holders of record of our Class B stock
 excluding holders in the security position listings held by nominees.
 the annual dividend rate for Class&#160;A stock was $0.20 per share and the annual dividend rate for Class B stock was $0.18 per share. In fiscal 
 the annual dividend rate for Class&#160;A stock was $0.16 per share and the annual dividend rate for Class B stock was $0.144 per share. On November 15
 2012
 the Board of Directors declared a special dividend of $0.10 per share for Class A stock and $0.09 per share for Class B stock
 which was payable on December 14
 2012
 to shareholders of record on November 30
 2012. Additionally
 on November 14
 2013
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 1
 2013
 to $0.075 per share on our Class A common stock and $0.0675 per share on our Class B common stock.  The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 13
 2013
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 29
Jun.&#160;30
 2013 to Jul.&#160;27
148
24
021
Jul.&#160;28
 2013 to Aug. 31
5
359
5
074
18
946
Sept. 1
 2013 to Sept. 28
4
887
4
773
14
172
10
394
9
848
14
172
On February&#160;7
 2003
 we announced our Board of Directors approved a program to repurchase up to 25&#160;million shares of Class&#160;A  stock from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The program has no fixed or scheduled termination date. On May 3
 2012
We purchased 546
030 shares during the period that were not made pursuant to our previously announced stock repurchase program
 but were purchased to fund certain Company obligations under our equity compensation plans. These transactions included 451
243 shares purchased in open market transactions and 94
The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns for our Class&#160;A stock
Tyson Foods
The total cumulative return on investment (change in the year-end stock price plus reinvested dividends)
 which is based on the stock price or composite index at the end of fiscal 2008
 is presented for each of the periods for the Company
 the S&amp;P 500 Index
 the previous peer group and the current peer group. Beginning in fiscal 2013
 the Company&#8217;s Compensation and Leadership Development Committee selected a new peer group to more accurately reflect the Company&#8217;s peers in terms of industry standing and compensation benchmarking. The previous peer group includes: Campbell Soup Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 H.J. Heinz Co. (up to June 7
 2013)
 Hershey Foods Corp.
 Hormel Foods Corp.
 Kellogg Co.
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Co.
 Pilgrim&#8217;s Pride Corporation
 Sara Lee Corp. (up to June 28
 2012)
 Hillshire Brands Co. (beginning on June 28
 2012) and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (up to September 26
 2013). The current peer group includes: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company
 Bunge Limited
 Campbell Soup Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 Dean Foods Company
 General Mills
 Inc.
 H.J. Heinz Co. (up to June 7
 2013)
 Hillshire Brands Co. (beginning on June 28
 2012)
 Hormel Foods Corp.
 Kellog Co.
 Kraft Foods Group Inc.
 McCormick &amp; Co.
 Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (up to September 26
 2013) and The J.M. Smucker Company. H.J. Heinz Co. and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. were removed at the time their shares ceased public trading. Sara Lee Corp. changed its name to Hillshire Brands Co. following a spin-off of certain of its international businesses. The graph compares the performance of the Company with that of the S&amp;P 500 Index and both peer groups
in millions
34
33
32
28
26
1
1
1
1
Loss from discontinued operation
1
1
1
12
11
11
10
10
2
2
2
2
3
6
6
5
5
4
Fiscal 2010 included $61 million of interest expense related to losses on notes repurchased/redeemed during fiscal 2010
 a $29 million non-tax deductible charge related to a full goodwill impairment related to an immaterial Chicken segment reporting unit and a $12 million non-operating charge related to the partial impairment of an equity method investment. Additionally
Fiscal 2009 was a 53-week year
For the total debt to capitalization calculation
During fiscal 2013 we determined our Weifang operation (Weifang) was no longer core to the execution of our strategy in China. In July 2013
 we completed the sale of Weifang. Non-cash charges related to the impairment of assets in Weifang amounted to $56 million and $15 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
Fiscal 2009 included the sale of the beef processing
 cattle feed yard and fertilizer assets of three of our Alberta
 Canada subsidiaries (collectively
&#32;500 with one of the most recognized brand names in the food industry. We produce
 distribute and market chicken
 beef
 pork
 prepared foods and related allied products. Our operations are conducted in four segments: Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods. Some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs
 raw materials
General &#8211; Operating income grew 7% in fiscal 2013 over fiscal 2012
 which was led by record earnings in our Chicken segment and improved performance in our Beef segment. Revenues increased 4% to a record $34.4 billion
We continued to execute our strategy of accelerating growth in domestic value-added chicken sales
 prepared food sales and international chicken production
 innovating products
Market environment &#8211; Our Chicken segment delivered record results in fiscal 2013 driven by strong demand and favorable domestic market conditions. The Chicken segment experienced increased feed costs but was able to offset the impact with operational
 mix and price improvements. Our Beef segment&#8217;s operating performance improved
 despite lower domestic availability of fed cattle supplies
 due to better operational execution
 less volatile live cattle markets
 and stronger export markets. Our Pork segment results remained within its normalized operating margin range
Discontinued Operation &#8211; After conducting an assessment during fiscal 2013 of our long-term business strategy in China
 we determined our Weifang operation (Weifang)
 which was part of our Chicken segment
 was no longer core to the execution of our strategy given the capital investment it required to execute our future business plan. We completed the sale of Weifang in July 2013. Weifang's results are reported as a discontinued operation for all periods presented.
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of liquidity
Our accounting cycle resulted in a 52-week year for fiscal 2013
in&#160;millions
$19 million
 or $0.05 per diluted share
$167 million pretax charge
 or $0.29 per diluted share
$11 million gain
 or $0.03 per diluted share
$21 million reduction to income tax expense
 or $0.05 per diluted share
34
33
32
&#32;&#8211; Sales were negatively impacted by a slight decrease in sales volume
 which accounted for a decrease of $255 million. This was primarily due to decreases in the Beef and Pork segments
&#32;&#8211; Sales were positively impacted by higher average sales prices
 which accounted for an increase of approximately $1.6 billion. All segments experienced increased average sales prices
 largely due to continued tight domestic availability of protein
 increased pricing associated with rising live and raw material costs
&#32;&#8211; Sales were negatively impacted by a decrease in sales volume
 which accounted for a decrease of $1.7 billion. All segments
 with the exception of the Pork segment
 had a decrease in sales volume
&#32;&#8211; The increase in sales was largely due to an increase in average sales prices
 which accounted for an increase of approximately $2.7 billion. All segments
 with the exception of the Pork segment
32
30
29
2
2
2
Increase due to net losses of $15 million in fiscal 2013
 compared to net gains of approximately $66 million in fiscal 2012
 from our Pork segment commodity risk management activities. These amounts exclude the impact from related physical purchase transactions
Cost of sales increased by approximately $1.0 billion. Higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales by approximately $2.2 billion
The $1.2 billion impact of lower sales volumes was driven by decreases in our Chicken
 Beef and Prepared Foods segments
Selling
Selling
Increase of $79 million in selling
Cash interest expense included interest expense related to the coupon rates for senior notes and commitment/letter of credit fees incurred on our revolving credit facilities. The decrease in cash interest expense in fiscal 2013 is due to lower average coupon rates compared to fiscal 2012 and 2011. This decrease is driven by the full extinguishment of the 10.50% Senior Notes due 2014 (2014 Notes) in fiscal 2012
Loss on early extinguishment of debt included the amount paid exceeding the par value of debt
Losses on notes repurchased during fiscal 2011 included the amount paid exceeding the carrying value of the notes repurchased
Non-cash interest expense primarily included interest related to the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts/premiums on note issuances. This includes debt issuance costs incurred on our revolving credit facility
Other (Income) Expense
We operate in four segments: Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods. The following table is a summary of sales and operating income (loss)
12
11
10
14
13
13
5
5
5
3
3
3
(1
(1
34
33
32
1
1
1
12
11
10
&#32;The increase in average sales price was primarily due to mix changes and price increases associated with higher input costs. Since many of our sales contracts are formula based or shorter-term in nature
Operating income was positively impacted by increased average sales price
 improved live performance and operational execution
&#32;The decrease in sales volumes in fiscal 2012 was primarily attributable to the impact of domestic production cuts we made in late fiscal 2011 and maintained throughout fiscal 2012
 in order to balance our supply with forecasted customer demand.&#160;These production cuts reduced our total domestic slaughter pounds by approximately 4% in fiscal 2012
The increase in operating income was largely due to the increase in average sales price and operational improvements
 partially offset by reduced sales volumes
 increased grain
Operational Improvements &#8211; Operating results were positively impacted by approximately $115 million of operational improvements
 primarily attributed to improvements in yield
14
13
13
Sales volume decreased due to less outside trim and tallow purchases
&#32;Average sales price increased due to lower domestic availability of fed cattle supplies
Operating income increased due to improved operational execution
 less volatile live cattle markets and improved export markets
Average sales price increased due to price increases associated with increased livestock costs. Sales volume decreased due to a reduction in live cattle processed and outside tallow purchases. Operating income decreased due to higher fed cattle costs and periods of reduced demand for beef products
 which made it difficult to pass along increased input costs
5
5
5
&#32;Demand for pork products improved
While reduced compared to prior year
 operating income remained strong in fiscal 2013 despite brief periods of imbalance in industry supply and customer demand. We were able to maintain strong operating margins by maximizing our revenues relative to the live hog markets
Operating results included net losses of $15 million in fiscal 2013
 compared to net gains of $66 million in fiscal 2012 for commodity risk management activities related to futures contracts. These amounts exclude the impact from related physical sale and purchase transactions
Average sales price decreased due to increased domestic availability of pork products
 which drove lower live hog costs. Operating income decreased due to compressed pork margins caused by the excess domestic availability of pork products. We were able to maintain strong operating margins by maximizing our revenues relative to the live hog markets
Derivative Activities &#8211; Operating results included net gains of $66 million in fiscal 2012
 compared to net losses of $32 million in fiscal 2011 from commodity risk management activities related to futures contracts. These amounts exclude the impact from related physical sale and purchase transactions
3
3
3
Operating income decreased
 despite increases in sales volumes and average sales price
 as the result of increased raw material and other input costs of approximately $110 million and additional costs incurred as we invested in our lunchmeat business and growth platforms. Because many of our sales contracts are formula based or shorter-term in nature
 we are typically able to offset rising input costs through pricing. However
&#32;Operating margins were positively impacted by lower raw material costs of $75 million and increased average sales prices
 which were partially offset by lower volumes and increased operational costs of approximately $30 million
 largely due to costs related to revamping our lunchmeat business and the start-up of a new pepperoni plant. Because many of our sales contracts are formula based or shorter-term in nature
 we typically offset changing input costs through pricing. However
 there is a lag time for price changes to take effect
In fiscal 2014
 we expect overall domestic protein production (chicken
 beef
 pork and turkey) to increase approximately 1% from fiscal 2013 levels. Grain supplies are expected to increase in fiscal 2014
 which should result in lower input costs. The following is a summary of the fiscal 2014 outlook for each of our segments
 as well as an outlook on sales
 capital expenditures
 net interest expense
 debt and liquidity
&#32;&#8211; We expect domestic chicken production to increase 3-4% in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. Based on current futures prices
 we expect lower feed costs in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 of approximately $500 million. Many of our sales contracts are formula based or shorter-term in nature
 which allows us to adjust pricing when input costs fluctuate. However
 there may be a lag time for price changes to take effect. For fiscal 2014
&#32;&#8211; We expect to see a reduction of industry fed cattle supplies of 2-3% in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. Although we generally expect adequate supplies in regions we operate our plants
 there may be periods of imbalance of fed cattle supply and demand. For fiscal 2014
 we believe our Beef segment's profitability will be similar to fiscal 2013
&#32;&#8211; We expect industry hog supplies to increase 1-2% in fiscal 2014 and exports to improve compared to fiscal 2013. For fiscal 2014
&#32;&#8211; We expect operational improvements and pricing to offset increased raw material costs. Because many of our sales contracts are formula based or shorter-term in nature
 we are typically able to offset rising input costs through increased pricing. As we continue to invest heavily in our growth platforms
&#32;&#8211; We expect fiscal 2014 sales to approximate $36 billion as we continue to execute our strategy of accelerating growth in domestic value-added chicken sales
September&#160;28
 2013
 was 
 well above our goal to maintain liquidity in excess of $1.2 billion. In October 2013
 our 2013 notes
 with a principal amount of $458 million
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;shares remain authorized for repurchases. The timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 market conditions
 liquidity targets
&#32;&#8211; On November 14
 2013
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 1
 2013
 to $0.075 per share on our Class A common stock and $0.0675 per share on our Class B common stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 13
 2013
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 29
 2013.  The Board also declared a quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share on our Class A common stock and $0.0675 per share on our Class B common stock
 payable on March 14
 2014
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 28
Our cash needs for working capital
 capital expenditures
 growth opportunities
 the repurchases of senior notes and share repurchases are expected to be met with current cash on hand
 cash flows provided by operating activities
 or short-term borrowings. Based on our current expectations
 we believe our liquidity and capital resources will be sufficient to operate our business. However
 we may take advantage of opportunities to generate additional liquidity or refinance existing debt through capital market transactions. The amount
 nature and timing of any capital market transactions will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount
Other
1
1
1
Cash flows associated with Loss on early extinguishment of debt included the amount paid exceeding the par value of debt
&#32;Decreased primarily due to a higher accounts receivable balance
 partially offset by increases in accrued salaries
&#32;Decreased due to the increase in inventory and accounts receivable balances
&#32;Decreased due to the increase in inventory and accounts receivable balances
Additions to property
Purchases of marketable securities
Acquisitions
Other
Additions to property
 plant and equipment include acquiring new equipment and upgrading our facilities to maintain competitive standing and position us for future opportunities. In fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011
Capital spending for fiscal 2014 is expected to approximate $700 million
 and will include spending on our operations for production and labor efficiencies
 yield improvements and sales channel flexibility
1
Other
September&#160;28
&#32;($40 million current
2012 &#8211; We received net proceeds of $995 million from the issuance of the 2022 Notes. We used the net proceeds towards the extinguishment of the 2014 Notes
 including the payments of accrued interest and related premiums
 and general corporate purposes. Additionally
 our foreign operations received proceeds of $115 million from borrowings. Total debt related to our foreign operations was $102 million at September 29
 2012 ($62 million current
2011 &#8211; Our foreign operations received proceeds of $106 million from borrowings. Total debt related to our foreign operations was $98 million at October&#160;1
 2011 ($58 million current
 $40 million long-term). Additionally
In fiscal 2011
$550 million
 $230 million and $170 million for shares repurchased pursuant to our share repurchase program in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
$64 million
 $34 million and $37 million for shares repurchased to fund certain obligations under our equity compensation plans in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
1
1
2
Our 2013 Notes matured in October 2013.&#160;Upon maturity
 we paid the $458 million principal value with cash on hand
 and settled the conversion premium by issuing 11.7 million shares of our Class A stock from available treasury shares. Simultaneous to the settlement of the conversion premium
September&#160;28
 2013
Generally
 we do not rely on the foreign cash as a source of funds to support our ongoing domestic liquidity needs. Rather
 we manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among our foreign subsidiaries and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences or be subject to regulatory capital requirements; however
 those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. Our U.S. income taxes
 net of applicable foreign tax credits
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Cash flows from operating activities and current cash on hand are our primary sources of liquidity for funding debt service
 capital expenditures
 dividends and share repurchases. We also have a revolving credit facility
 with a committed maximum capacity of $1.0 billion
 to provide additional liquidity for working capital needs
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;issued under this facility
 none of which were drawn upon
&#32;available for borrowing. Our revolving credit facility is funded by a syndicate of 44 banks
To monitor our credit ratings and our capacity for long-term financing
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 the ratio of our debt-to-total capitalization was 
 respectively. For the purpose of this calculation
In September 2008
 in conjunction with the issuance of convertible bonds
 we sold warrants in private transactions for total proceeds of $44 million. The warrants permit the purchasers to acquire up to approximately 27 million shares of our Class A stock at the current exercise price of $22.16 per share
 subject to adjustment. The warrants are exercisable on various dates from January 2014 through April 2014.&#160; A 10% increase in our share price above the $22.16 warrant exercise price would result in the issuance of 2.5 million incremental shares. At $28.60
 our closing share price on September 28
 2013
On February&#160;24
 2011
 Standard &amp; Poor's Ratings Services
 a Standard &amp; Poor's Financial Services LLC business (S&amp;P) upgraded the credit rating of these notes from BB+ to BBB-. On March&#160;29
 2011
 Moody's Investors Services
 Inc. (Moody's) upgraded the credit rating of these notes from Ba2 to Ba1. These upgrades decreased the interest rate on the 2016 Notes from 7.35% to 6.85%
 effective beginning with the six-month interest payment due April&#160;1
On June 7
 2012
 Moody's upgraded the credit rating of these notes from Ba1 to Baa3. This upgrade decreased the interest rate on the 2016 Notes from 6.85% to 6.60%
 effective beginning with the six-month interest payment due October 1
On February 11
 2013
S&amp;P&#8217;s corporate credit rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is BBB. Moody&#8217;s senior
 unsecured
 subsidiary guaranteed long-term debt rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is Baa3. Fitch Ratings'
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Fimalac
 S.A. (Fitch)
 issuer default rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is BBB. The below table outlines the fees paid on the unused portion of the facility (Facility Fee Rate) and letter of credit fees (Undrawn Letter of Credit Fee and Borrowing Spread) depending on the rating levels of Tyson Foods
 Inc. from S&amp;P
In the event the rating levels are split
 the applicable fees and spread will be based upon the rating level in effect for two of the rating agencies
 or
 if all three rating agencies have different rating levels
Our revolving credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into sale/leaseback or hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our 2022 Notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
September&#160;28
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations. The off-balance sheet arrangements we have are guarantees of debt of outside third parties
 including a lease and grower loans
 and residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. See Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
September&#160;28
1
2
1
1
2
1
1
5
In the event of a default on payment
September&#160;28
 2013
Amounts include guarantees of debt of outside third parties
 which consist of a lease and grower loans
 all of which are substantially collateralized by the underlying assets
Amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms
 including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed
 minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The purchase obligations amount included items
 such as future purchase commitments for grains
 livestock contracts and fixed grower fees that provide terms that meet the above criteria. For certain grain purchase commitments with a fixed quantity provision
September&#160;28
. We have excluded future purchase commitments for contracts that do not meet these criteria. Purchase orders are not included in the table
September&#160;28
In addition to the amounts shown above in the table
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
 based on the estimated fair values of the livestock supplier&#8217;s net tangible assets on that date
 aggregated to approximately 
Refer to the discussion under Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to wage and hour/labor
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of reserves and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events
 and determination of current reserves requires estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 differing interpretations of the law and assessments of the amount of damages
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our contingent liabilities. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
We incur advertising
 retailer incentive and consumer incentive costs to promote products through marketing programs. These programs include cooperative advertising
 volume discounts
 in-store display incentives
Marketing and advertising costs are charged in the period incurred. We accrue costs based on the estimated performance
Cash consideration given to customers is considered a reduction in the price of our products
 thus recorded as a reduction to sales. The remainder of marketing and advertising costs is recorded as a selling
These estimates are based on many factors
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our marketing accruals. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
A 10% change in our marketing accruals at September 28
 2013
We are self insured for certain losses related to health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in determining our self-insurance liability. We and the actuary consider a number of factors when estimating our self-insurance liability
 including claims experience
 demographic factors
Costs to settle our obligations
 including legal and healthcare costs
Incident rates
 including frequency and severity
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance liability. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
A 10% increase in the actuarial estimate at September 28
 2013
 would result in an increase in the amount we recorded for our self-insurance liability of approximately $11 million. A 10% decrease in the actuarial estimate at September 28
 2013
Federal income tax includes an estimate for taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be taxable upon remittance to the United States
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the tax related balances or valuation allowances. However
 due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
To the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established
 or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
When evaluating long-lived assets for impairment
We recorded impairment charges related to long-lived assets of $74 million
 $29 million and $18 million
 in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
Our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to judgment in assumptions and estimates surrounding undiscounted future cash flows of the long-lived asset
million since then. At September 28
 2013
 Dynamic Fuels had $166 million of total assets
 of which $142 million was net property
 plant and equipment. The plant has experienced mechanical difficulties
 pre-treatment system performance issues and hydrogen supply disruptions
The plant was idled in October 2012 for scheduled maintenance and plant upgrades
 which were completed in December 2012. Since then
 the plant has remained idled. An assessment of the recoverability of its carrying value was conducted as of September 28
 2013
 for which it was determined no impairment was necessary. Another assessment of the recoverability of Dynamic Fuels' long-lived assets to determine whether an impairment exists may be necessary if the plant remains idled longer than expected
 plant upgrades fail to improve operational performance
 industry economics make the plant uneconomical to operate
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments of long-lived assets. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows
Additionally
 we continue to evaluate our international operations and strategies
&#32;Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
The quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed using a two-step process. The first step is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the quantitative impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 then goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
For other indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets. However
 we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets prior to the required annual assessment if
 among other things
 we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
&#32;We estimate the fair value of our reporting units
 generally our operating segments
 using various valuation techniques
 with the primary technique being a discounted cash flow analysis
 which uses significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
We include assumptions about sales
 operating margins and growth rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
During fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 all of our material reporting units that underwent a quantitative test passed the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis and therefore
Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates and our credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units and other indefinite life intangible assets
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 we may be required to perform the second step
All of our material reporting units' estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value by more than 20% at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. Consequently
Market risk relating to our operations results primarily from changes in commodity prices
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates
 as well as credit risk concentrations. To address certain of these risks
 we enter into various derivative transactions as described below. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 depending on the nature of the hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument either will be offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings
 or be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is recognized immediately. Additionally
 we hold certain positions
 primarily in grain and livestock futures that either do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges. With the exception of normal purchases and normal sales that are expected to result in physical delivery
 we record these positions at fair value
The sensitivity analyses presented below are the measures of potential losses of fair value resulting from hypothetical changes in market prices related to commodities. Sensitivity analyses do not consider the actions we may take to mitigate our exposure to changes
&#32;We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock
 in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity. However
 as the commodities underlying our derivative financial instruments can experience significant price fluctuations
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Additionally
September&#160;28
 2013
 we had fixed-rate debt of $2.2 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 6.0%. Market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
&#32;We have foreign exchange exposure from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as a result of certain receivable and payable balances. The primary currencies we have exposure to are the Brazilian real
 the British pound sterling
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renminbi
 the European euro
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 related to the foreign exchange forward and option contracts would have a $11 million and $21 million impact
 respectively
 on pretax income. In the future
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 28
in millions
34
33
32
32
30
29
2
2
2
Selling
1
1
1
Other
1
1
Loss from Discontinued Operation
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 28
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
TYSON FOODS
September 28
 2013
 and September 29
in millions
1
1
Accounts receivable
1
1
2
2
5
5
Net Property
4
4
1
1
12
11
1
1
1
3
2
1
1
Class&#160;A-authorized 900&#160;million shares
Convertible Class B-authorized 900&#160;million shares
2
2
4
4
Treasury stock
 at cost &#8211; 48&#160;million shares in 2013
(1
6
6
6
6
12
11
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 28
2
2
2
2
2
2
4
3
3
4
4
3
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(1
6
6
5
6
6
5
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 28
Other
1
1
1
Additions to property
Acquisitions
Other
1
Other
1
1
1
TYSON FOODS
&#32;Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 founded in 1935 with world headquarters in Springdale
 Arkansas
&#32;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 entities for which we have a controlling financial interest or variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
&#32;Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
&#32;We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
&#32;Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 contract grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
First-in
Livestock &#8211; first-in
1
2
2
Property
&#32;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
&#32;Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
The first step of the quantitative test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the quantitative impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
 if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 then goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow analysis
 which uses significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. This analysis requires us to make various judgmental estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount factors and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Generally
 we utilize normalized operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries. Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 we may be required to perform the second step of the quantitative test in future years
During fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 all of our material reporting units that underwent the quantitative test passed the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis and therefore
For our other indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
We have an investment in a joint venture
 Dynamic Fuels LLC (Dynamic Fuels)
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of total assets
&#32;was net property
 plant and equipment
&#32;of total liabilities
September&#160;29
 2012
&#32;of total assets
&#32;was net property
 plant and equipment
&#32;of total liabilities
&#32;We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
&#32;classes of capital stock
 Class&#160;A Common Stock
&#32;par value (Class A stock) and Class B Common Stock
&#32;votes per share
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of the outstanding shares of Class B stock and the TLP and members of the Tyson family owned
 in the aggregate
&#32;of the outstanding shares of Class&#160;A stock
 giving them
 collectively
&#32;of the cash dividend simultaneously paid to holders of Class&#160;A stock. We pay quarterly cash dividends to Class&#160;A and Class B shareholders. On November 14
 2013
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 1
 2013
&#32;per share on our Class B common stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 13
 2013
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 29
&#32;per share for Class B stock paid on December 14
 2012
 to shareholders of record on November 30
The Class B stock is considered a participating security requiring the use of the two-class method for the computation of basic earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each period reflects the cash dividends paid for each class of stock
 plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings (losses) computed using the participation percentage
On May&#160;11
 2011
 we announced our Board of Directors reactivated a share repurchase program
 which had no activity since fiscal 2005
&#32;shares of Class&#160;A common stock under the program. In May 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;shares remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program has no fixed or scheduled termination date and the timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 market conditions
 liquidity targets
 our debt obligations and regulatory requirements. In addition to the share repurchase program
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
October&#160;1
&#32;We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
&#32;We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
&#32;There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
&#32;Advertising and promotion expenses are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other advertising and promotional activities are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
&#32;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
In December 2011 and February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance enhancing disclosures related to offsetting of certain assets and liabilities. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January&#160;1
 2013
In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
In February 2013
In July 2013
 the FASB issued guidance to eliminate the diversity in practice in the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. Under this guidance
 an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
During fiscal 2013
&#32;value-added food businesses as part of our strategic expansion initiative
 which are included in our Prepared Foods segment. The aggregate purchase price of the acquisitions was 
&#32;for Property
 Plant and Equipment
In fiscal 2011
&#32;equity interest in our Shandong Tyson Xinchang Foods' subsidiaries
After conducting an assessment during fiscal 2013 of our long-term business strategy in China
 we determined our Weifang operation (Weifang)
 which was part of our Chicken segment
 was no longer core to the execution of our strategy given the capital investment it required to execute our future business plan. Consequently
&#32;impairment charge. We subsequently sold Weifang which resulted in reporting it as a discontinued operation. The sale was completed in July 2013 and did not result in a significant gain or loss as its carrying value approximated the sales proceeds at the time of sale. Weifang's prior periods results
 including the impairment charge
Loss from discontinued operation
NOTE 5: PROPERTY
The following table reflects major categories of property
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
2
2
5
5
9
8
5
4
Net property
4
4
September&#160;28
Balance at October 1
1
2
1
Balance at September 29
1
2
1
Balance at September 28
1
2
1
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
Patents
Beginning with the date benefits are realized
 other intangible assets are generally amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit of 
 
 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Accrued salaries
1
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
1
1
2
2
1
1
September&#160;28
 2013
. After reducing the amount available by outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
 we had outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility totaling 
&#32;of bilateral letters of credit issued separately from the revolving credit facility
 none of which were drawn upon. Our letters of credit are issued primarily in support of workers&#8217; compensation insurance programs
This facility is unsecured. However
 if at any time (the Collateral Trigger Date) we shall fail to have (a) a corporate rating from Moody's Investors Service
 Inc. (Moody's) of Ba1 or better
 (b) a corporate rating from Standard &amp; Poor's Ratings Services
 a Standard &amp; Poor's Financial Services LLC business (S&amp;P)
 of BB+ or better
 or (c) a corporate rating from Fitch Ratings
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Fimalac
 S.A. (Fitch)
 of BB+ or better
 we
 any subsidiary that has guaranteed any material indebtedness of the Company
 and substantially all of our other domestic subsidiaries shall be required to secure the obligations under the credit agreement and related documents with a first-priority perfected security interest in our and such subsidiary's cash
 deposit and securities accounts
 accounts receivable and related assets
If on any date prior to any Collateral Trigger Date we shall have (a) a corporate rating from Moody's of Baa2 or better
 (b) a corporate rating from S&amp;P of BBB or better and (c) a corporate rating from Fitch of BBB or better
 in each case with stable or better outlook
This facility is fully guaranteed by Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc (TFM Parent)
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 until such date TFM Parent is released from all of its guarantees of other material indebtedness. If in the future any of our other subsidiaries shall guarantee any of our material indebtedness
 such subsidiary shall also be required to guarantee the indebtedness
In September 2008
October&#160;15
 2013
 with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on April&#160;15 and October&#160;15. The 2013 Notes were originally accounted for as a combined instrument because the conversion feature did not meet the requirements to be accounted for separately as a derivative financial instrument. However
 we adopted new accounting guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 and applied it retrospectively to all periods presented. This new accounting guidance required us to separately account for the liability and equity conversion features. Upon retrospective adoption
 our effective interest rate on the 2013 Notes was determined to be 
In connection with the issuance of the 2013 Notes
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our Class A stock to minimize the potential economic dilution upon conversion of the 2013 Notes. We also entered into separate warrant transactions. We recorded the purchase of the note hedge transactions as a reduction to capital in excess of par value
&#32;pertaining to the related deferred tax asset
&#32;per share
&#32;per share
The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions
 in effect
&#32;per share
&#32;upon exercise of the warrants
 there is no economic net share impact. A 
 our closing share price on September 28
 2013
The 2013 Notes matured on October 15
&#32;principal value with cash on hand
&#32;shares of our Class A stock from available treasury shares. Simultaneous to the settlement of the conversion premium
On February&#160;24
 2011
 S&amp;P upgraded the credit rating of these notes from BB+ to BBB-. On March&#160;29
 2011
 Moody&#8217;s upgraded our credit rating from Ba2 to Ba1. These upgrades decreased the interest rate on the 2016 Notes from 
 effective beginning with the six-month interest payment due April&#160;1
On June 7
 2012
 Moody's upgraded the credit rating of these notes from Ba1 to Baa3. This upgrade decreased the interest rate on the 2016 Notes from 
 effective beginning with the six-month interest payment due October 1
In June 2012
&#32;of senior unsecured notes
&#32;interest rate
 with interest payments due semi-annually on June 15 and December 15. After the original issue discount of 
 based on an issue price of 
. In addition
In October 2008
&#32;in proceeds from the sale of Gulf Opportunity Zone tax-exempt bonds made available by the federal government to the regions affected by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005. These floating rate bonds are due October&#160;1
 2033. We issued a letter of credit to effectively guarantee the bond issuance. If any amounts are disbursed related to this guarantee
) from Syntroleum Corporation
 our joint venture partner
Our revolving credit facility contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into sale/leaseback or hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our 2022 Notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
September&#160;28
During fiscal 2013
 the domestic production deduction and estimated general business credits decreased tax expense by 
During fiscal 2012
 foreign valuation allowances increased tax expense by 
During fiscal 2011
 the domestic production deduction and estimated general business credits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Property
We record deferred tax amounts in Other current assets
 Other Assets
September&#160;28
 2013
 our gross state tax net operating loss carryforwards approximated 
 of which 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. These earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. If those earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
 we would be subject to federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits)
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
October&#160;1
The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 if recognized
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 before tax benefits
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
 we are subject to income tax examinations for U.S. federal income taxes for fiscal years 2004 through 2012. We are also subject to income tax examinations by major state and foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years 2003 through 2012 and 2002 through 2012
During fiscal 2013
&#32;currency translation adjustment gain recognized in conjunction with the receipt of proceeds constituting the final resolution of our investment in Canada
 which was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2012
&#32;in net foreign currency exchange gains
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2011
&#32;gain related to a sale of interests in an equity method investment. This gain was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
in&#160;millions
Class B weighted average shares
&#32;classes of capital stock
&#32;ratio per share to Class&#160;A stock and Class B stock
 respectively. We allocate undistributed earnings based on this ratio due to historical dividend patterns
Our business operations give rise to certain market risk exposures mostly due to changes in commodity prices
 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage a portion of these risks through the use of derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk
 foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. Forward contracts on various commodities
 including grains
 livestock and energy
 are primarily entered into to manage the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of these inputs used in our production processes. Foreign exchange forward contracts are entered into to manage the fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
Our risk management programs are periodically reviewed by our Board of Directors&#8217; Audit Committee. These programs are monitored by senior management and may be revised as market conditions dictate. Our current risk management programs utilize industry-standard models that take into account the implicit cost of hedging. Risks associated with our market risks and those created by derivative instruments and the fair values are strictly monitored
 using Value-at-Risk and stress tests. Credit risks associated with our derivative contracts are not significant as we minimize counterparty concentrations
 utilize margin accounts or letters of credit
 and deal with credit-worthy counterparties. Additionally
September&#160;28
We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with the exception of normal purchases and normal sales expected to result in physical delivery. The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e.
 gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and the type of hedging relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 we designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged (i.e.
 cash flow hedge or fair value hedge). We qualify
 or designate
 a derivative financial instrument as a hedge when contract terms closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 depending on the nature of the hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument either will be offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings
Cash Flow Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward and option contracts of forecasted purchases (i.e.
Fair Value Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward contracts of firm commitments (i.e.
Derivative instruments
 such as futures and options
. The objective of these hedges is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with the forecasted purchase of those commodities. For the derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a cash flow hedge
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in earnings in the current period. Ineffectiveness related to our cash flow hedges was not significant during fiscal 
in millions
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
96
164
September&#160;28
 2013
 the net amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months are pretax losses of 
 
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
For these derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a fair value hedge
 the gain or loss on the derivative
 as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk
 are recognized in earnings in the same period. We include the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e.
 livestock purchase firm commitments) in the same line item
 Cost of Sales
 as the offsetting gain or loss on the related livestock forward position.
In addition to our designated positions
 we also hold forward and option contracts for which we do not apply hedge accounting. These include certain derivative instruments related to commodities price risk
 including grains
 livestock
The objective of our undesignated grains
 livestock and energy commodity positions is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with the forecasted purchase of certain grains
 energy and livestock inputs to our production processes. We also enter into certain forward sales of boxed beef and boxed pork and forward purchases of cattle and hogs at fixed prices. The fixed price sales contracts lock in the proceeds from a future sale and the fixed cattle and hog purchases lock in the cost. However
 the cost of the livestock and the related boxed beef and boxed pork market prices at the time of the sale or purchase could vary from this fixed price. As we enter into fixed forward sales of boxed beef and boxed pork and forward purchases of cattle and hogs
 we also enter into the appropriate number of livestock options and futures positions to mitigate a portion of this risk. Changes in market value of the open livestock options and futures positions are marked to market and reported in earnings at each reporting date
We have a foreign currency cash flow hedging program to hedge portions of forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies
 primarily with forward and option contracts
 to protect against the reduction in value of forecasted foreign currency cash flows. Our undesignated foreign currency positions generally would qualify for cash flow hedge accounting. However
 to reduce earnings volatility
in millions
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
204
1
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
Our derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities
&#32;&#8212; Other observable inputs available at the measurement date
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 either directly or indirectly
The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances where the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy
 the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
Our derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis. We net derivative assets and liabilities
 including cash collateral
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 we had posted with various counterparties 
 respectively
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
&#32;years. We classify our investments in U.S. government
 U.S. agency
 certificates of deposit and commercial paper debt securities as Level 2 as fair value is generally estimated using discounted cash flow models that are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including time value and yield curve as well as other readily available relevant economic measures. We classify certain corporate
 asset-backed and other debt securities as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. We also classified privately held redeemable preferred stock securities as Level 3 as there was limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
September&#160;28
 2013
Additionally
&#32;warrants
 which expire in June 2015
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 the amortized cost basis for Corporate and Asset-Backed debt securities had been reduced by accumulated other than temporary impairments of 
Unrealized holding gains (losses)
 net of tax
 are excluded from earnings and reported in OCI until the security is settled or sold. On a quarterly basis
 we evaluate whether losses related to our available-for-sale securities are temporary in nature. Losses on equity securities are recognized in earnings if the decline in value is judged to be other than temporary. If losses related to our debt securities are determined to be other than temporary
 the loss would be recognized in earnings if we intend
 or more likely than not will be required
 to sell the security prior to recovery. For debt securities in which we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity
 losses determined to be other than temporary would remain in OCI
 other than expected credit losses which are recognized in earnings. We consider many factors in determining whether a loss is temporary
 including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below cost
 the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery. During fiscal 
 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
&#32;We maintain non-qualified deferred compensation plans for certain executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are maintained within a trust and include money market funds
 mutual funds and life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies is invested primarily in mutual funds. The investments are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We classify the investments which have observable market prices in active markets in Level 1 as these are generally publicly-traded mutual funds. The remaining deferred compensation assets are classified in Level 2
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 we record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
 assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges. During fiscal 2013
&#32;impairment charge related to our Weifang operation in China. The impairment charge resulted from the completion of an assessment of our long-term business strategy in China
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
2
2
2
2
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores
We issue shares under our stock-based compensation plans by issuing Class&#160;A stock from treasury. The total number of shares available for future grant under the Tyson Foods
35
365
September&#160;28
Outstanding
 September 29
19
067
(8
778
(177
3
799
Outstanding
 September 28
13
912
Exercisable
 September 28
6
423
287
 
 
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
 respectively.
 
 we received cash of 
 
 respectively
 for the exercise of stock options. Shares are issued from treasury for stock option exercises. The related tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. Cash flows resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost of those options (excess tax deductions) are classified as financing cash flows. We realized 
 
 
September&#160;28
 2013
We issue restricted stock at the market value as of the date of grant
Nonvested
 September 29
2
371
185
21
(1
368
(70
Nonvested
 September 28
1
138
September&#160;28
 2013
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
We award performance-based shares of our Class A stock to certain senior executives. These awards are typically granted once a year. Performance-based shares vest based upon the passage of time and the achievement of performance or market performance criteria
 ranging from 
&#32;years. We review progress toward the attainment of the performance criteria each quarter during the vesting period. When it is probable the minimum performance criteria for an award will be achieved
 we begin recognizing the expense equal to the proportionate share of the total fair value of the Class A stock price on the grant date. The total expense recognized over the duration of performance awards will equal the Class&#160;A stock price on the date of grant multiplied by the number of shares ultimately awarded based on the level of attainment of the performance criteria. For grants with market performance criteria
 the total expense recognized over the duration of the award will equal the fair value as determined on the grant date
Nonvested
 September 29
174
924
(32
(64
Nonvested
 September 28
1
001
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to performance shares
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of our qualified plans are frozen and provide benefits based on a formula using years of service and a specified benefit rate. Effective January&#160;1
 2004
 we implemented a non-qualified defined benefit plan for certain contracted officers that uses a formula based on years of service and final average salary. We also have other postretirement benefit plans for which substantially all of our employees may receive benefits if they satisfy applicable eligibility criteria. The postretirement healthcare plans are contributory with participants&#8217; contributions adjusted when deemed necessary.
 
 
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans&#8217; benefit obligations
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Recognized actuarial loss
September&#160;28
 2013
 the amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months related to net periodic benefit cost for the qualified and non-qualified pensions are 
To determine the expected return on plan assets assumption
Our discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. These were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
&#32;of these plans
September&#160;28
 2013
 were not impacted by healthcare cost trend rates as they consist of fixed annual payments. The remaining plan
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
The plan trustees have established a set of investment objectives related to the assets of the domestic pension plans and regularly monitor the performance of the funds and portfolio managers. Objectives for the pension assets are (i)&#160;to provide growth of capital and income
 (ii)&#160;to achieve a target weighted average annual rate of return competitive with other funds with similar investment objectives and (iii)&#160;to diversify to reduce risk. The investment objectives and target asset allocation were amended for fiscal 2013. Alternative investments may include
 but are not limited to
 hedge funds
The following table shows the categories of pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined in the fair value hierarchy
September&#160;28
Valued using the net asset value (NAV) provided by the trustee
Valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available
Balance at September 29
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance at September 28
September&#160;28
Our policy is to fund at least the minimum contribution required to meet applicable federal employee benefit and local tax laws. In our sole discretion
 we may from time to time fund additional amounts. Expected contributions to pension plans for fiscal 2014 are approximately 
 
 we funded 
 
 respectively
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
&#32;segments: Chicken
 Beef
&#32;Chicken operations include breeding and raising chickens
 as well as processing live chickens into fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Beef operations include processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
 as well as logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Pork operations include processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes our live swine group
 related allied product processing activities and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Prepared Foods operations include manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products include pepperoni
 bacon
 beef and pork pizza toppings
 pizza crusts
 flour and corn tortilla products
 appetizers
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
Fiscal year ended September 28
12
14
5
3
(1
34
1
1
5
2
1
1
12
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended September 29
11
13
5
3
33
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended October 1
10
13
5
3
(1
32
1
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
We allocate expenses related to corporate activities to the segments
 while the related assets and additions to property
 plant and equipment remain in Other.
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Beef segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
 
 
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in the Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
 have a material impact on our operations.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
&#32;of long-lived assets were located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 Mexico and India
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
We sell certain products in foreign markets
 primarily Brazil
 Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 Taiwan
 and Vietnam. Our export sales from the United States totaled 
 
 
 respectively. Substantially all of our export sales are facilitated through unaffiliated brokers
 marketing associations and foreign sales staffs. Sales of products produced in a country other than the United States were less than 
Interest
Income taxes
&#32;wastewater facilities with an entity owned by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (for which Mr. John Tyson
 Chairman of the Company
 is a trustee)
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
&#32;of which is owned by Tyson Limited Partnership (&#8220;TLP&#8221;))
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson. Total payments of approximately 
 
 we had an aircraft lease agreement with Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC
 of which Mr. Don Tyson (then our Senior Chairman)
 Mr. John Tyson and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust were members. Upon Mr. Don Tyson&#8217;s death on January 6
 2011
 his membership interest passed to a trust in which Mr. John Tyson is a trustee. During fiscal 2012
 Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC sold the aircraft to a non-related party and we entered into an aircraft lease agreement with the new owner. Total payments to Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC of approximately 
As part of the Company's previously approved stock repurchase plan
 on September 11
 2013
&#32;per share.&#160;The Tyson Limited Partnership
 of which John Tyson and director Barbara Tyson are general partners
&#32;shares
&#32;shares of Class A common stock
We lease equipment
 properties and certain farms for which total rentals approximated 
 
 in fiscal 
 
&#32;years
September&#160;28
 2013
We guarantee obligations of certain outside third parties
 which consists of a lease and grower loans
&#32;years
September&#160;28
 2013
. We also maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of the underlying leased assets at the end of the term of the lease. The remaining terms of the lease maturities cover periods over the next 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
We have cash flow assistance programs in which certain livestock suppliers participate. Under these programs
 we pay an amount for livestock equivalent to a standard cost to grow such livestock during periods of low market sales prices. The amounts of such payments that are in excess of the market sales price are recorded as receivables and accrue interest. Participating suppliers are obligated to repay these receivables balances when market sales prices exceed this standard cost
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
 and are included
 net of allowance for uncollectible amounts
 in Accounts Receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Even though these programs are limited to the net tangible assets of the participating livestock suppliers
 we also manage a portion of our credit risk associated with these programs by obtaining security interests in livestock suppliers&#8217; assets. After analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Additionally
 we enter into future purchase commitments for various items
 such as grains
September&#160;28
 2013
1
1
We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We routinely assess the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to those matters
 as well as ranges of probable losses
 to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. We record accruals for such matters to the extent that we conclude a loss is probable and the financial impact
 should an adverse outcome occur
 is reasonably estimable. Such accruals are reflected in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements. In our opinion
 we have made appropriate and adequate accruals for these matters and believe the probability of a material loss beyond the amounts accrued to be remote; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if accruals are not adequate
We have pending against us a lawsuit styled DeAsencio v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. (E.D. Pennsylvania
 August 22
 2000) in which the plaintiffs allege that we failed to compensate certain poultry plant employees for the time it takes to engage in pre- and post-shift activities such as changing into and out of protective and sanitary clothing and walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). They seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. Plaintiffs appealed a jury verdict and final judgment entered in our favor on June&#160;22
 2006. On September&#160;7
 2007
 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed the jury verdict and remanded the case to the District Court for further proceedings. We sought rehearing en banc
 which was denied by the Court of Appeals on October&#160;5
 2007. The United States Supreme Court denied our petition for a writ of certiorari on June&#160;9
 2008. On October 4
 2013
 the District Court ordered the parties to provide a status report within ten days  or the case would be dismissed without prejudice. Neither party made such a filing
&#32;separate wage and hour actions involving Tyson Fresh Meats Inc.&#8217;s plants located in Garden City
 Kansas (Garcia
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Kansas
 May&#160;15
 2006); Storm Lake
 Iowa (Bouaphakeo (f/k/a Sharp)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 N.D. Iowa
 February&#160;6
 2007); Columbus Junction
 Iowa (Guyton (f/k/a Robinson)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 September 12
 2007); Madison
 Nebraska (Acosta
 et al. v Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Nebraska
 February 29
 2008); Dakota City
 Nebraska (Gomez
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 D. Nebraska
 January 16
 2008); Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa (Edwards
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 March 20
 2008); Logansport
 Indiana (Carter
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. and Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 N.D. Indiana
 April 29
 2008); Goodlettsville
 Tennessee (Abadeer v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 and Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 M.D. Tennessee
 February&#160;6
 2009); Emporia
 Kansas (Abdiaziz
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Kansas
 September 30
 2011); and Joslin
 Illinois (Murray
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 C.D. Illinois
 January&#160;2
 2008; and DeVoss v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a. Tyson Fresh Meats
 C.D. Illinois
 March&#160;2
 2011). The actions allege we failed to pay employees for all hours worked
 including overtime compensation for the time it takes to change into protective work uniforms
 safety equipment and other sanitary and protective clothing worn by employees
 and for walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the FLSA and analogous state laws. The plaintiffs seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
After a trial in the Garcia case involving our Garden City
 Kansas facility
 a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs was entered on March&#160;17
 2011. Exclusive of pre- and post-judgment interest
 attorneys&#8217; fees and costs
$503
. Plaintiffs&#8217; counsel filed an application for attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses which we contested. On December 7
 2012
$3
609
. We filed an appeal with the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 27
 2012. Oral argument is scheduled for November 18
A jury trial was held in the Bouaphakeo case
 which involves our Storm Lake
 Iowa pork plant
 which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs for violations of federal and state laws for pre- and post-shift work activities. The trial court also awarded the plaintiffs liquidated damages
$5
784
$2
692
A jury trial was held in the Guyton case
 which involves our Columbus Junction
 Iowa pork plant
 which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of Tyson on April 25
A bench trial was held in the Acosta case
 which involves our Madison
 Nebraska pork plant
$5
733
&#32;for unpaid overtime wages. Subsequently
 the court ordered the class of plaintiffs expanded
$6
258
A jury trial in the Gomez case
 which involves our Dakota City
 Nebraska beef plant
 was held
 and the jury found in favor of the plaintiffs on April 3
 2013. On October 2
 2013
 the trial court denied the parties&#8217; post-trial motions and entered judgment awarding unpaid overtime wages
 liquidated damages
$4
960
. We filed a notice of appeal on November 12
The trial court in the Edwards case
 which involves the Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa facilities
The parties in the Carter case
 which involves our Logansport
 Indiana pork plant
$950
. The parties filed a joint motion for approval of the settlement
 but the plaintiffs subsequently filed a motion to certify a class of plaintiffs while the joint motion for approval of the settlement was pending. On October 30
The trial court in the Abadeer case
 which involves the Goodlettsville
 Tennessee plant
 granted the plaintiffs&#8217; motion for summary judgment in part
 finding that certain pre- and post-shift activities were compensable and our non-payment for those activities was willful and not in good faith. The trial for the remaining issues
 including damages
 is scheduled to begin April 15
&#32;wage and hour action involving our Tyson Prepared Foods plant located in Jefferson
 Wisconsin (Weissman
 et al. v. Tyson Prepared Foods
 Inc.
 Jefferson County (Wisconsin) Circuit Court
 October&#160;20
&#32;named plaintiffs seek to act as state law class representatives on behalf of all current and former employees who were allegedly not paid for time worked and seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. On May&#160;16
 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a state law class of all hourly employees who have worked at the Jefferson plant from October&#160;20
 2008
 to the present. We filed motions for summary judgment seeking dismissal of the claims
 or
 in the alternative
 to limit the claims made for non-compensable clothes changing activities. The court granted summary judgment in favor of Tyson on August 31
 2012
 and the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on October 5
 2012. On August 1
 2013
 the appeals court reversed and remanded the case to the trial court
 concluding that the applicable activities at this plant are compensable
On June&#160;19
 2005
 the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Environment of the State of Oklahoma filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against us
&#32;other poultry integrators. The complaint
 which was subsequently amended
 asserts a number of state and federal causes of action including
 but not limited to
 counts under Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act (CERCLA)
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA)
 and state-law public nuisance theories. The amended complaint asserts that defendants and certain contract growers who are not named in the amended complaint polluted the surface waters
 groundwater and associated drinking water supplies of the Illinois River Watershed (IRW) through the land application of poultry litter. Oklahoma asserts that this alleged pollution has also caused extensive injury to the environment (including soils and sediments) of the IRW and that the defendants have been unjustly enriched. Oklahoma&#8217;s claims cover the entire IRW
&#32;acres of land and the natural resources (including lakes and waterways) contained therein. Oklahoma seeks wide-ranging relief
 including injunctive relief
 compensatory damages in excess of 
 an unspecified amount in punitive damages and attorneys&#8217; fees. We and the other defendants have denied liability
 asserted various defenses
 and filed a third-party complaint that asserts claims against other persons and entities whose activities may have contributed to the pollution alleged in the amended complaint. The district court has stayed proceedings on the third party complaint pending resolution of Oklahoma&#8217;s claims against the defendants. On October&#160;31
 2008
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss for failure to join the Cherokee Nation as a required party or
 in the alternative
 for judgment as a matter of law based on the plaintiffs&#8217; lack of standing. This motion was granted in part and denied in part on July&#160;22
 2009. In its ruling
 the district court dismissed Oklahoma&#8217;s claims for cost recovery and for natural resources damages under CERCLA and for unjust enrichment under Oklahoma common law. This ruling also narrowed the scope of Oklahoma&#8217;s remaining claims by dismissing all damage claims under its causes of action for Oklahoma common law nuisance
 federal common law nuisance
 and Oklahoma common law trespass
 leaving only its claims for injunctive relief for trial. On August&#160;18
 2009
 the Court granted partial summary judgment in favor of the defendants on Oklahoma&#8217;s claims for violations of the Oklahoma Registered Poultry Feeding Operations Act. Oklahoma later voluntarily dismissed the remainder of this claim. On September&#160;2
 2009
 the Cherokee Nation filed a motion to intervene in the lawsuit. Its motion to intervene was denied on September&#160;15
 2009
 and the Cherokee Nation filed a notice of appeal of that ruling in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals on September&#160;17
 2009. A non-jury trial of the case began on September&#160;24
 2009. At the close of Oklahoma&#8217;s case-in-chief
 the Court granted the defendants&#8217; motions to dismiss claims based on RCRA
 nuisance per se
 and health risks related to bacteria. The defense rested its case on January&#160;13
 2010
 and closing arguments were held on February&#160;11
 2010. On September&#160;21
 2010
 the Court of Appeals affirmed the district court&#8217;s denial of the Cherokee Nation&#8217;s motion to intervene. On October&#160;6
 2010
&#32;review seeking reconsideration of this ruling. The Court of Appeals denied this petition. The district court has not yet rendered its decision from the trial
in&#160;millions
8
8
8
8
8
8
8
8
&#32;non-cash charge
 reported as a discontinued operation
TFM Parent
 our wholly-owned subsidiary
 has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the 2016 Notes. Additionally
&#32;revolving credit facility and (ii) the 2016 Notes
 at which time TFM Parent's guarantee of the 2022 Notes is permanently released. The following financial information presents condensed consolidating financial statements
 which include Tyson Foods
 Inc. (TFI Parent); TFM Parent; the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries (Non-Guarantors) on a combined basis; the elimination entries necessary to consolidate TFI Parent
 TFM Parent and the Non-Guarantors; and Tyson Foods
 Inc. on a consolidated basis
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income for the year ended September 28
19
16
(1
34
18
14
(1
32
1
2
Selling
1
Interest expense
Other
1
Loss from Discontinued Operation
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income for the year ended September 29
18
15
(1
33
18
14
(1
30
1
2
Selling
1
Interest expense
Other
Loss from Discontinued Operation
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income for the year ended October 1
18
14
(1
32
17
13
(1
29
1
2
Selling
1
Interest expense
Other
1
Loss from Discontinued Operation
Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet as of September 28
1
1
Accounts receivable
1
1
1
2
1
3
5
Net Property
3
4
1
1
11
2
(14
13
5
8
(15
12
1
4
(4
1
5
1
(4
3
1
1
6
3
5
(9
6
6
3
5
(9
6
13
5
8
(15
12
Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet as of September 29
1
1
Accounts receivable
1
1
2
1
3
5
Net Property
3
4
1
1
1
(1
11
2
(13
13
5
8
(15
11
1
4
(4
5
1
(4
2
1
(1
1
6
3
5
(9
6
6
3
5
(9
6
13
5
8
(15
11
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended September 28
1
Additions to property
(Purchases of)/Proceeds from marketable securities
Acquisitions
Other
Other
1
1
1
1
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended September 29
1
Additions to property
(Purchases of)/Proceeds from marketable securities
Acquisitions
Other
Other
1
1
Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended October 1
1
Additions to property
(Purchases of)/Proceeds from marketable securities
Acquisitions
Other
Other
Tyson Foods
In our opinion
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Tyson Foods
at September 28
and September 29
 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a) presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 28
 2013
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements
 on the financial statement schedule
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Fayetteville
November&#160;18
An evaluation was performed
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the 1934 Act)). Based on that evaluation
 management
 including the CEO and CFO
 has concluded that
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
 there have been no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
September&#160;28
. In making this assessment
&#32;issued by COSO
September&#160;28
The Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
&#32;financial statements included in this Form 10-K has also audited the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Their report appears in Part II
On November 15
 2013
 we entered into new employment agreements with Donnie King and Noel White pursuant to their appointments to the positions of President of Prepared Foods
 Customer and Consumer Solutions and President of Poultry
 respectively. These contracts replace the previous contracts for these officers entered into effective November 14
Mr. King&#8217;s agreement provides for an annual base salary of $800
000. Mr. White&#8217;s agreement provides for an annual base salary of $725
000. Both agreements provide eligibility for participation in the Company&#8217;s annual performance incentive plan and supplemental executive retirement plan
 as well as any benefit programs generally applicable to employees of the Company. In addition
 Mr. King and Mr. White are eligible to receive
 on such dates specified by the Company consistent with the Company&#8217;s treatment of similarly-situated employees
 performance and stock incentive awards under the Company&#8217;s incentive plans then in effect (if any)
Mr. King and Mr. White are also entitled to the use of certain Company-owned assets
 including aircraft for up to 25 hours annually
 provided that such use does not interfere with the Company&#8217;s use of such assets and is consistent with the Company&#8217;s then existing policies. In addition
Both Mr. King and Mr. White may terminate their employment under the agreement
 subject to confidentiality and non-compete obligations contained therein
 upon thirty (30) days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The Company has the right to terminate the agreement at any time upon written notice to either Mr. King or Mr. White. Any such termination without cause is subject to the Company&#8217;s obligation to continue to pay base salary for a period of time following termination consistent with the Company&#8217;s severance policy for similarly-situated officers and subject to provisions relating to the early vesting of stock options
Upon the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the agreement)
 all previously granted restricted stock
On November 18
 2013
 James V. Lochner
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 announced that he would retire on September 20
 2014. In connection with his announcement
 the Company and Mr. Lochner entered into an amendment to Mr. Lochner&#8217;s November 14
 2012 employment agreement which provides that his employment agreement will terminate on September 20
 2014 and that he and the Company will enter into an advisory agreement effective September 21
Under the advisory agreement
 the Company will pay $438
611 to Mr. Lochner annually
 as well as provide Mr. Lochner and his spouse coverage under the Company&#8217;s health care plan at the same cost paid by similarly-situated participants. Mr. Lochner will also be entitled to annual payments under the Company&#8217;s supplemental executive retirement plan beginning in 2015 in the amount of $561
389
 less any required tax withholdings. The advisory agreement also contains certain confidentiality
 non-competition
ITEM&#160;10. DIRECTORS
January&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Proxy Statement&#8221;)
 which information is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to general instruction G(3) of Annual Report on Form 10-K
We have a code of ethics as defined in Item&#160;406 of Regulation S-K
 which code applies to all of our directors and employees
 including our principal executive officers
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
 and persons performing similar functions. This code of ethics
 titled &#8220;Tyson Foods
 Inc. Code of Conduct
&#8221; is available
See the information set forth under the captions &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Director Compensation For Fiscal 
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Report of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee
&#8221; and &#8220;Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
 which information is incorporated herein by reference. However
 pursuant to instructions to Item&#160;407(e)(5) of the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K
 the material appearing under the sub-heading &#8220;Report of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee&#8221; shall not be deemed to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the Commission
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners&#8221; and &#8220;Security Ownership of Management&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
September&#160;28
13
912
61
280
13
912
61
280
Shares available for future issuance as of September 28
 2013
 under the Stock Incentive Plan (35
365
400)
 the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (18
267
039)&#160;and the Retirement Savings Plan (7
647
ITEM&#160;13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Certain Transactions&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Audit Fees
&#8221; &#8220;Audit-Related Fees
&#8221; &#8220;Tax Fees
&#8221; &#8220;All Other Fees
&#8221; and &#8220;Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
ITEM&#160;15. EXHIBITS
September&#160;28
September&#160;28
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
September&#160;28
September&#160;28
September&#160;28
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October&#160;3
 1998
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Fifth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the period ended June 29
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Indenture dated June 1
 1995 between the Company and The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.
 as Trustee (the &#8220;Company Indenture&#8221;) (previously filed as Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-3
 filed with the Commission on December 18
 1997
 Registration No. 333-42525
Form of 7.0% Note due January 15
 2028 issued under the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 27
 1997
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 7.0% Note due May 1
 2018 issued under the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28
 1998
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 6.60% Senior Notes due April 1
 2016 issued under the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 22
 2006
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture among the Company
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 dated as of September 18
 2006
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19
 2006
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 15
 2008
 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee (including the form of 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2013)
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13
 2012
 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 13
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 4.50% Senior Note due 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 and included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed June&#160;13
 2012
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 9
 2012
 among the Company
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as the Administrative Agent
 and certain other lenders party thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 13
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Convertible note hedge transaction confirmation
 dated as of September 9
 2008
 by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Warrant transaction confirmation
 dated as of September 9
 2008
 by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Letter Agreement
 dated as of September&#160;9
 2008
 by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September&#160;15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Convertible note hedge transaction confirmation
 dated as of September 9
 2008
 by and between Merrill Lynch Financial Markets
 Inc. and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Warrant transaction confirmation
 dated as of September 9
 2008
 by and between Merrill Lynch Financial Markets
 Inc. and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Letter Agreement
 dated as September 9
 2008
 by and between Merrill Lynch Financial Markets
 Inc. and the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated as of November 25
 2012
 by and between the Company and John Tyson (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated August 27
 2012
 by and between the Company and Curt T. Calaway (previously filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Donald J. Smith (previously filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and James V. Lochner (previously filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and David Van Bebber (previously filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Dennis Leatherby (previously filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Kenneth J. Kimbro (previously filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Donnie D. King (previously filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Noel W. White (previously filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
Employment Agreement
 dated November 12
 2013
Indemnity Agreement
 dated as of September&#160;28
 2007
 between the Company and John Tyson (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September&#160;28
 2007
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Indemnity Agreement between Tyson Foods
 Inc. and its directors and certain executive officers (previously filed as Exhibit 10(t) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30
 1995
 Commission File No. 0-3400
Tyson Foods
 Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan for Senior Executives adopted February 4
 2005
 and reapproved February 5
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2005
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 effective as of February 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8
 filed with the Commission on February 22
 2013
 Registration No. 333-186797
First Amendment to the Tyson Foods
 Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 effective February 1
Amended and Restated Executive Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc. effective January 1
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective February 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8
 filed with the Commission on February 22
 2013
 Registration No. 333-186797
First Amendment to the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective May 1
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan effective November 14
Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc. effective January 1
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
First Amendment to the Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 as Amended and Restated as of January 1
Amended and Restated Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc. effective August 1
 2000
 and Amendment to Freeze the Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc. effective December 31
 2002 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards were granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan prior to July&#160;31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October&#160;2
 2004
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective July 31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3
 2009
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective January 1
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 3-9 pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement with the remaining contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards were granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan prior to July 31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2004
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective July 31
 2009 through February 3
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective February 4
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with contracted employees at band level 1-5 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 6-9 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with contracted employees at band level 1-5 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 6-9 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which stock options are granted to contracted employees under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which stock options are granted to non-contracted employees under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 4
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 3
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Tyson Foods
 Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees
 effective October 31
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.54 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28
 2013
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pursuant to requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
TYSON FOODS
November&#160;18
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
Senior Vice President
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
November&#160;18
TYSON FOODS
September&#160;28
 2013








 DATED NOVEMBER 15
 2013
 BY AND BETWEEN JAMES V. LOCHNER






		


This Amendment to the Employment Agreement (&#8220;2013 Amendment&#8221;)
 effective as of the 15th day of November
 2013
 is made by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&#8220;Employer&#8221;)
 and  James V. Lochner
WHEREAS
 Employer and Employee entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) effective November 14
 2012
 wherein Employee agreed to perform the duties of Chief Operating Officer in exchange for certain
WHEREAS
 the parties desire to modify the Agreement; and
WHEREAS
 the parties now desire to modify and amend the Agreement
 subject to the supplemental terms and conditions set forth herein
NOW THEREFORE Employer and Employee
 in consideration of the terms and conditions stated herein
The Agreement is amended and modified as stated below
 effective November 15
The Term of Employment under the Agreement shall be modified by continued employment
 through September 20
 2014 (the &#8220;Term of Employment&#8221;)
 while Employee remains in his current position of Chief Operating Officer and transitions into the position of Special Assistant to the President &amp; CEO
Employer will pay to Employee FIVE THOUSAND AND NO/100 DOLLARS ($5
000.00)
 less all legally required withholdings and authorized deductions
On September 21
 2014
 Employer and Employee will enter into a subsequent agreement wherein Employee will furnish advisory and/or consulting services on a part-time basis to Employer upon the terms
 provisions and conditions as stated in an Advisory Agreement
Notwithstanding the modification and amendment contained herein
_November 15
_November 15
DATE&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;TYSON FOODS
THIS ADVISORYAGREEMENT (&#8220;Agreement&#8221;) dated September 21
 2014
 is made by and between TYSON FOODS
 INC.
 a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (&#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 the Advisor wishes to furnish advisory and/or consulting services on a part-time basis to Tyson upon the terms
NOW
 THEREFORE
1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Unless terminated earlier pursuant to the conditions of this Agreement
 the term of this Agreement (the &#8220;Term&#8221;) shall begin on September 21
 2014
 and end on the earlier of (i) September 21
 2017
 (ii) the Advisor&#8217;s death
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;During the Term
 Advisor will
 upon reasonable request
Advisor shall not be obligated to render services under this Agreement during any period when he is under a Disability.  For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Disability&#8221; has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;During the Term
Except as otherwise provided
 Tyson will pay Advisor the sum of $438
611.00 per year
 payable in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s payroll practices commencing immediately upon the Advisor&#8217;s &#8220;separation from service&#8221; (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code) as an employee of Tyson; provided
 however
 that the payments that are otherwise payable to the Advisor within the first six (6) months following the effective date of his separation from service shall be suspended and paid to the Advisor as a lump sum within thirty (30) days following the end of such six-month period.  If Advisor dies prior to the end of the first six (6) months following the effective date of his separation from service
 Tyson will make the six (6) months&#8217; lump sum payment to the Advisor&#8217;s spouse
 if surviving
In addition
 Advisor shall be eligible to receive benefit payments under Tyson&#8217;s Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan (the &#8220;SERP&#8221;).  In accordance with the terms of the SERP
 taking into account those provisions requiring a temporary delay in the commencement of SERP payments applicable to certain participants
 which may include Advisor
 the first annual payment of SERP benefits to Advisor will be made in April 2015.  The annual payment made to Advisor under the SERP will be $561
389.00 less any required tax withholdings.   If the Advisor dies prior to the end of the Term
4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Tyson will provide Advisor and/or his spouse with access to health care coverage.&#160; Tyson may choose to provide the health care coverage through any of the following programs or plans to the extent those programs or plans remain in effect or are permitted by existing law (hereinafter &#8220;Health Care Coverage&#8221;): (i) Tyson Group Health Plan COBRA Continuation coverage; or (ii) one of two options in Tyson Foods&#8217; Group Retiree Plan; and (iii) participation in Tyson&#8217;s Executive Medical Reimbursement Program (&#8220;EMRP&#8221;).&#160; The Health Care Coverage will provide Advisor and/or his spouse with coverage that is substantially similar to the health care
 hospitalization
 medical
situated participants at a monthly cost to Advisor and/or his spouse that is equal to the monthly premium cost paid by other similarly situated participants.&#160; In the event of the Advisor&#8217;s death
 Advisor&#8217;s spouse may elect to continue the Health Care Coverage until age 65 provided that all other eligibility requirements are met. &#160;In the event of death by both Advisor and his spouse
 all Health Care Coverage benefits under this Agreement shall cease.&#160; During the Term
 Advisor will not be eligible to participate in any other programs of Tyson
 including without limitation
5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Advisor shall not divulge to anyone
 except in the regular course of Tyson&#8217;s (including its subsidiaries) business
 any confidential or proprietary information regarding Tyson&#8217;s (including its subsidiaries) records
6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Advisor agrees that during the Term
 and for a period of one (1) year after the expiration of the Term
 Advisor will not
 directly or indirectly
 in the United States
 participate in any Position (as defined below) in any business which is in Direct Competition (as defined below) with any business of the Tyson or its subsidiaries.  The term Position shall include
 without limitation
 a partner
 director
 or holder of more than 5% of the outstanding voting shares
 or a principal
 executive
 advisor
 manager or any other employment or consulting position.  The term &#8220;Direct Competition
&#8221; as used in this Agreement
7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Advisor agrees that during the Term
 and for a period of three (3) years after the expiration of the Term
 Advisor shall not
 directly or indirectly
 solicit or contact any Advisor or agent of Tyson (including its subsidiaries)
 with a view to or for the purposes of inducing or encouraging such Advisor or agent to leave the employ of Tyson (including its subsidiaries)
 for the purpose of being hired by Advisor
 any employer affiliated with Advisor
8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Advisor expressly acknowledges that the obligations of Sections 5
 6 and 7 are intended to survive the expiration of the Term.  Advisor and Tyson agree that the covenants contained in Sections 5
 6 and 7 are reasonable under the circumstances
 and further agree that if in the opinion of any court of competent jurisdiction such restraints are not reasonable in any respect
 such court shall have the right
covenants as to the court shall appear unreasonable and to enforce the remainder of the covenants as so modified.  Advisor agrees that any breach of the covenants contained in Sections 5
 6 or 7 would irreparably injure Tyson.  Accordingly
 Advisor agrees that Tyson may
 in addition to pursuing any other remedies it may have in law or in equity
9.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement shall terminate (i) immediately in the event Advisor accepts a Position from anyone in Direct Competition with Tyson or its subsidiaries
 or (ii) in the event Advisor breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days&#8217; notice by Tyson.  In the event this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9
 as of the termination date
 Tyson will have no further obligations under the terms of this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The right of the Advisor or any other beneficiary under this Agreement to receive payments may not be assigned
 pledged or encumbered
 except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution
11.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Agreement represents the complete agreement between Tyson and Advisor concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior employment or benefits agreements or understandings
12.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It is the intention of the parties hereto that all questions with respect to the construction and performance of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas
 shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between the Advisor and Tyson
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 Advisor expressly waives any right Advisor may have to sue or be sued in the county of Advisor&#8217;s residence and consents to venue in Washington County
13.   &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If
 for any reason
 any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement are held to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any respect
 such invalidity
shall not affect any other provision hereof
 and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid
ADVISOR ACKNOWLEDGES ADVISOR HAS COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAS BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAS BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF ADVISOR&#8217;S CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING.  ADVISOR FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES ADVISOR IS SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
Tyson Foods
 Inc.








 DATED NOVEMBER 15
 2013
 BY AND BETWEEN DONNIE D. KING






		


This Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective the 
 2013 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
Donnie D King
WHEREAS
 Tyson is engaged in a very competitive business
 where the development and retention of extensive confidential information
WHEREAS
 by virtue of your employment with Tyson
 you are involved in the development of
 and have access to
 Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
 trade secrets and proprietary information
 and
 if such information were to get into the hands of competitors of Tyson
WHEREAS
 you will not be provided with or given access to Tyson&#8217;s customers and goodwill or Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
WHEREAS
November 14
&#32;Agreement)
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 Tyson has advised you that agreement to the terms of this Agreement
 and specifically the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 is an integral part of this Agreement
 and you acknowledge the importance of the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 and having reviewed the Agreement as a whole
NOW
 THEREFORE
. In consideration of the above and other good and valuable consideration
 you are expressly being given employment
 continued employment
 a relationship with Tyson
 certain monies
 benefits
 severance
 stock awards
 training and/or access to trade secrets and confidential information of Tyson and its customers
 suppliers
.  Tyson hereby agrees to employ you and you hereby accept employment with Tyson.  The duties and services required to be performed by you shall be consistent with your position
 as assigned by Tyson in its sole discretion from time to time
 and shall be consistent with the level and responsibility of the duties and services performed by other employees in your band (&#8220;Band&#8221;).  At Tyson&#8217;s sole discretion
 both your position and Band are subject to change during your term of employment.  You agree to devote substantially all of your working time
 attention and energies to the business of Tyson.  You may make and manage personal investments (provided such investments in other activities do not violate
 in any material respect
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement)
 be involved in charitable and professional activities
 and
 with the prior written consent of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer
 serve on boards of other for profit entities
 provided such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of your duties hereunder. You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will not engage in any (i) competitive outside business activities
 (ii) outside business that provides goods or services to Tyson
 or (iii) outside business that buys products from Tyson
 other than with Tyson&#8217;s prior written approval. You will devote your best efforts to the performance of your duties and the advancement of Tyson and shall not engage in any other employment
 profitable activities
 or other pursuits which would cause you to disclose or utilize Confidential Information (as defined in Section 6(a))
 or reflect adversely on Tyson.  This obligation shall include
 but is not limited to
 obtaining Tyson&#8217;s consent prior to performing tasks for business associates of Tyson outside of your customary duties for Tyson
 giving speeches or writing articles
 blogs
 or posts
 about Tyson&#8217;s business
 improperly using Tyson&#8217;s name or identifying your association or position with Tyson in a manner that reflects unfavorably upon Tyson.  You further agree that you will not use
 incorporate
.  For the services to be performed hereunder during the Period of Employment
800
000.00
.  You may receive performance incentive awards under Tyson&#8217;s annual and long-term incentive plans then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
.  You may receive stock awards under an equity incentive compensation plan of Tyson then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
Benefit Plans
. You shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans of Tyson as adopted or amended from time to time on terms and in amounts consistent with those generally applicable to other employees in your Band.  You will be entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s applicable vacation policy
 as in effect from time to time.  Tyson will pay or reimburse you for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your services to Tyson
.  Base salary
 performance incentive compensation
 stock grant levels
 and plan participation will be subject to review annually (or from time to time at Tyson&#8217;s discretion)
&#32;&#32;During the Period of Employment
 Tyson shall make available to you the use of Tyson-owned assets
 including use of Tyson aircraft for up to 25 hours annually
 in a manner consistent with Tyson&#8217;s then existing policies; provided that your personal use of Tyson-owned assets shall not interfere with Tyson&#8217;s use of such assets.&#160; As part of such personal use of Tyson aircraft
 you may designate such number of additional passengers on such aircraft as seating permits
 and you need not be one of the passengers.  To the extent allowed under Tyson policy or practice
. Upon any termination of your employment for any reason
 you shall immediately resign from all boards
. Your employment hereunder will terminate upon your &#8220;Disability&#8221;.  For purposes of this Agreement
 Disability has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
 by Tyson.  If no long-term disability plan or policy was ever maintained on behalf of you or
 if the determination of Disability relates to an incentive stock option
 Disability means that condition described in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 as amended from time to time.  In the event of a dispute
.  Upon the occurrence of a &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; event
event.  If Tyson cures the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 you may not terminate your employment for Good Reason
 but may voluntarily resign pursuant to Section 3(d) below.  If Tyson fails to cure the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 your termination of employment will be effective under this Section 3(c).  For purposes of the Agreement
 you will be treated as having terminated for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; if you terminate employment after having been demoted to a less senior Band than that in which you were employed when executing this Agreement or to a position not covered by a Band
.  You may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement at any time by not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tyson
 which notice period may be waived by Tyson.  Upon receipt of such notice
 Tyson shall have the right
 at its sole discretion
.  Tyson may terminate your employment hereunder for &#8220;Cause&#8221; at any time after providing a notice of termination for Cause to you.  For purposes of this Agreement
any act by you of intentional misrepresentation or embezzlement
you are convicted of
 confess to
 plead no contest to
of any event constituting Cause
 or to terminate you as a result of such event
 be construed as a consent to the occurrence of future events
 whether or not similar to the initial occurrence
.  In the event that your employment hereunder is terminated in a manner as set forth in Section 3 above
Termination Due to Death
 Disability
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by reason of death
 Disability
 voluntary termination by you without Good Reason or for Cause by Tyson
Any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the Termination Date
 any accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under this Agreement
Any benefits accrued through the date of termination to which you may be entitled pursuant to the plans
 policies and arrangements
 as determined and paid in accordance with the terms of such plans
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson for reasons other than death
 Disability or Cause
 or by you for Good Reason
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
stock awards that are outstanding on your Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria
 if any
 are met.  Such pro rata portion shall be equal to the percentage of the total vesting period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become entitled to a pro rata portion of any performance share awards that are outstanding on the Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria is met.  The pro rata portion of your award shall equal the percentage of the total performance period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 an amount equal to
 and on terms equal to
 the severance payments and severance benefits provided to other employees within your Band
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Release&#8221; means that specific document which Tyson shall present to you for consideration and execution after your termination of employment
 under which you agree to irrevocably and unconditionally release and forever discharge Tyson
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates and related parties from any and all causes of action which you at that time had or may have had against Tyson (excluding any claim for indemnity under this Agreement
 or any claim under state workers&#8217; compensation or unemployment laws).  The Release will be provided to you as soon as practical after your Termination Date
 but in any event in sufficient time so that you will have adequate time to review the Release as provided by applicable law. The Release must be signed within twenty-one (21) days of its presentation to you (or within forty-five (45) days if you are terminated as part of a group termination).  The Release shall not become effective until seven (7) days after it is executed.  Tyson maintains a form of Release
 which it may change from time to time as it deems appropriate.  The latest version of the Release shall be available for your review upon request.  Subject to the payment provisions of the Tyson Foods Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees and Section 8 below
&#32;&#32;Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (defined below) the stock awards that have been granted to you pursuant to award agreements from Tyson under Section 2
 or which have otherwise been previously granted to you under an award agreement from Tyson; and which awards remain outstanding at the time of the Change in Control
 will be treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the term &#8220;Change in Control&#8221; shall have the same meaning as set forth in Tyson&#8217;s equity incentive compensation plan then in effect; provided
 however
 that a Change in Control shall not include any event as a result of which one or more of the following persons or entities possess or continues to possess
 immediately after such event
 over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company or
 if applicable
 a successor entity: (a) Tyson Limited Partnership
 or any successor entity; (b) individuals related to the late Donald John Tyson by blood
 marriage or adoption
 or the estate of any such individual (including Donald John Tyson&#8217;s); or (c) any entity (including
 but not limited to
 a partnership
 corporation
 trust or limited liability company) in which one or more of the entities
(50%) of the combined voting power or beneficial interests of such entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 this Section 5 shall not affect the time or form of payment under an applicable award agreement
 and all awards shall be paid at the time
 and in the form
.  You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with Tyson
 you will be provided
 learn
 develop and have access to Tyson&#8217;s trade secrets
 confidential information and proprietary materials which may include
 but are not limited to
 the following: strategies
 methods
 books
 records
 and documents; technical information concerning products
 formulas
 production
 distribution
 equipment
 services
 and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of and other information concerning customers
 suppliers
 vendors
 investors
 and other business affiliates (such as contact name
 service provided
 pricing
 type and amount of services used
 credit and financial data
 and/or other information relating to Tyson&#8217;s relationship with that business affiliate); pricing strategies and price curves; positions
 plans
 and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; weather data; financial analysis
 returns and reports and sales data; trading methodologies and terms; evaluations
 opinions
 and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers&#8217; names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating Tyson; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; personnel information
 including salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other information
 whether tangible or intangible
 in any form or medium provided (collectively
 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221;) which is not generally available to the public and which has been developed
 will be developed or acquired by Tyson at considerable effort and expense.  Without limiting the foregoing
 you acknowledge and agree that you will learn
 be provided
 develop and have access to certain techniques
 methods or applications implemented or developed by Tyson which are not generally known to the public or within the community in which Tyson competes
During the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter
 unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by Tyson
 you hereby covenant and agree: (i) to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (ii) not to
 directly or indirectly
 disclose
 divulge or reveal any Confidential Information to any person or entity other than as authorized by Tyson; (iii) to use such Confidential Information only within the scope of your employment with Tyson for the benefit of Tyson; and (iv) to take such protective measures as may be reasonably necessary to preserve the secrecy and interest of Tyson in the Confidential Information. You agree to immediately notify Tyson of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information of which you become aware.  The confidentiality obligations herein shall not prohibit you from revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to legitimate law enforcement officials or Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by law; however
.  &#8220;Creative Works&#8221; include
 but are not limited to
 all original works of authorship
 inventions
 discoveries
 designs
 computer hardware and software
 algorithms
 programming
 scripts
 applets
 databases
 database structures
 or other proprietary information
 business ideas
 and related improvements and devices
 which are conceived
 developed
 or made by you
 either alone or with others
 in whole or in part
 on or off Tyson&#8217;s premises
 (i) during your employment with Tyson
 (ii) with the use of the time
 materials
 or facilities of Tyson
 (iii) relating to any product
 service
 or activity of Tyson of which you have knowledge
 or (iv) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by you for Tyson.  Creative Works do not include inventions or other works developed by you entirely on your own time without using Tyson&#8217;s equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or trade secret information except for those inventions or works developed during your Period of Employment that either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Tyson&#8217;s business
 or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Tyson; or (b) result from any work performed by you for Tyson.  If you are or become a resident of any state during your employment that has enacted laws relating to ownership of works created without use of or reference to Tyson materials
 facilities
 and/or intellectual property and do not relate to Tyson&#8217;s business
To the extent any rights in the Creative Works are not already owned by Tyson
 you irrevocably assign and transfer to Tyson all proprietary rights
 including
 but not limited to
 all patent
 copyright
 trade secret
 trademark
 and publicity rights
 in the Creative Works and agree that Tyson will be the sole and exclusive owner of all right
 title
 and interest in the Creative Works.  Tyson will have the right to use all Creative Works
 whether original or derivative
 in any manner whatsoever and in any medium now known or later developed.  You agree not
 at any time
 to assert any claim
 ownership
Both during and after your employment
 you agree to execute any documents necessary to effectuate the assignment to Tyson of the Creative Works
 and will execute all papers and perform any other lawful acts reasonably requested by Tyson for the preparation
 prosecution
 procurement
 and maintenance of any trademark
 copyright
 and/or patent rights in and for the Creative Works.  You further agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation in addition to the salary paid to you during the development of the Creative Works.  In the event Tyson is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document Tyson reasonably requests you to execute under this Section 6
.  You are being employed or continuing to be employed by Tyson with the understanding that (i) you are free to enter into employment or continued employment with Tyson
 (ii) your employment with Tyson will not violate any agreement you may have with a third party (e.g.
 existing employment
 non-compete
 intellectual property ownership
 and/or non-disclosure agreements) and (iii) only Tyson is entitled to the benefit of your work.  If you have any agreements with a prior employer
 you are required to provide such agreements to Tyson prior to executing this Agreement.  Tyson has no interest in using any other person&#8217;s patents
 copyrights
 trade secrets
.  All written materials
 records
 data
property. All memoranda
 notes
 records
 files
 correspondence
 drawings
 manuals
 models
 specifications
 computer programs
 maps
 and all other documents
 data
 or materials of any type embodying such information
 ideas
 concepts
 improvements
 discoveries
 and inventions are Tyson&#8217;s property. You agree not to remove any property of Tyson
 including
 but not limited to
 any Confidential Information or Creative Works
 from Tyson&#8217;s premises
 except as authorized under Tyson&#8217;s policies or with the prior written approval of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  Unless specifically authorized by Tyson in writing
 you may not place Tyson Confidential Information or Creative Works on Removable Media
 as defined below.  On Tyson&#8217;s request
 your acceptance of other employment
 or the termination of your employment for any reason
 you will immediately return to Tyson all Tyson property
 including all Confidential Information and Creative Works and any and all documents and materials that contain
 refer to
 or relate in any way to any Confidential Information
 as well as any other property of Tyson in your possession or control
 including all electronic and telephonic equipment
 credit cards
 security badges
 and passwords.  You will permit Tyson to inspect any property provided by Tyson to you or developed by you as a result of or in connection with your employment with Tyson when you accept other employment or otherwise separate from your employment
 regardless of where the property is located.  For purposes of this Section
 &#8220;Removable Media&#8221; means portable or removable hard disks
 floppy disks
 USB memory drives
 zip disks
 optical disks
 CDs
 DVDs
 digital film
 memory cards (e.g.
 Secure Digital (SD)
 Memory Sticks (MS)
 CompactFlash (CF)
 SmartMedia (SM)
 MultiMediaCard (MMC)
 and xD-Picture Card (xD))
 magnetic tape
.  You acknowledge that Tyson performs services throughout the United States and that your duties and services impact Tyson&#8217;s performance of services throughout the United States.  Accordingly
 you acknowledge the need for certain restrictions contained in this Agreement to be without limitation as to location or geography within the United States.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 and for a period of 12 months thereafter
 you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of yourself or in conjunction with any other person
 company or entity
 own (other than less than 5% ownership in a publicly traded company)
 manage
 operate
 or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 or control of
 or be employed by or a consultant to any person
 company or entity which is in competition with Tyson
 with which you would hold a position with responsibilities similar to any position you held with Tyson during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date or in which you would utilize or disclose confidential methodologies
 techniques
a period of 12 months thereafter you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of you or any other person
 company or entity
 participate in the planning
 research or development of any strategies or methodologies
 similar to strategies or methodologies
 utilized or developed by Tyson
 excluding general industry knowledge
 for which you had access to
 utilized or developed during the 36 months preceding your Termination Date.  You agree that nothing in this Section shall limit your confidentiality obligations in this Agreement.  Further
 you understand and agree that during your employment and the restricted time periods thereafter designated in this Agreement
 while you may gather information to investigate other employment opportunities
 you shall not make plans or prepare to compete
 solicit or take on activities which are in violation of this Agreement.  Should you leave Tyson and accept employment or a consulting position with a competitor
.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 36 months thereafter
 you will not
 nor will you assist any third party to
 directly or indirectly (i) raid
 hire
 solicit
 encourage or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of Tyson
 or any person who was an employee or independent contractor of Tyson during the 6 months preceding the Termination Date
 who possesses or had access to Confidential Information of Tyson
 to leave the employ of or terminate a relationship with Tyson; (ii) interfere with the performance by any such persons of their duties for Tyson; (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in the paragraph above; or (iv) solicit
.  You agree that you shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct
 or make any statement or representation
 either oral or written
 that disparages
 impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation
 goodwill or interests of Tyson
 or any of its officers
 directors
 shareholders
 managing members
 representatives
 and/or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including
 without limitation
 the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors
 allegations
 negative reports or comments). Nor shall you direct
 arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on your behalf.  Nothing in this Section
 however
providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency
 or judicial
.  You acknowledge and agree that
 in the event of any breach by you of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 pursuant to the terms of certain benefit plans and programs
 your accrued benefits thereunder may be discontinued or forfeited
 in addition to any other rights and remedies Tyson may have at law or in equity.  You acknowledge that irreparable damage would result to Tyson if the provisions of this Agreement are not specifically enforced
 and that
 in addition to any other legal or equitable relief available
 and notwithstanding any alternative dispute resolution provisions that have been or may be agreed to between Tyson and you
 Tyson shall be entitled to injunctive relief in the event of any failure to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.  If you violate any of the terms of this Agreement
 you will indemnify Tyson for the expenses
 including but not limited to reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
. In addition to subsection (h) above
 any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy
 whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted
 established by Tyson that provides for the clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to you under circumstances requiring clawback or recovery as set forth in such policy.  Tyson will make any determinations for clawback or recover in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.  Further
 notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 if within one year of the termination of your employment
 Tyson becomes aware of facts that would have allowed Tyson to terminate your employment for Cause (within the meaning of Section 3)
 then
Tyson may elect to cancel any and all payments of benefits otherwise due to you
 but not yet paid
you will refund to Tyson any amounts
 plus interest
. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in this Agreement is to protect Tyson from unfair competition
 including improper use of the Confidential Information by you
 and that the restrictions and covenants contained herein are reasonable with respect to both scope and duration of application.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if any court determines that any of the terms herein are unreasonable
 invalid or unenforceable
 the court may interpret
 alter
 amend or modify any or all of the terms to include as much of the scope
 time period and intent as will render the restrictions enforceable
 and then as modified
 enforce the terms.  Each covenant and restriction contained in this Agreement is independent of each other such covenant and restriction
 and if any such covenant or restriction is held for any reason to be invalid
 unenforceable and incapable of corrective modification
 then the invalidity or unenforceability of such covenant or restriction shall not invalidate
.  All written notices
 requests and other communications provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given
 if delivered in person or by courier
 or by facsimile transmission or sent by express
 registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid addressed
 if to you
 at the most recent address on record in Tyson&#8217;s human resources information system
 and if to Tyson
Tyson Foods
Springdale
.  This Agreement contains all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and no other agreements
 oral or otherwise
 regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist or bind either of the parties hereto
.  This Agreement shall be binding upon you
 your heirs
 executors and personal representatives and upon Tyson
 its successors and assigns. You acknowledge that the services to be rendered by you are unique and personal. You may not assign
rights or delegate your duties or obligations under this Agreement
 in whole or in part
.  You acknowledge that this Agreement is performable at various locations throughout the United States and specifically performable wholly or partly within the State of Arkansas and consent to the validity
 interpretation
 performance and enforcement of this Agreement being governed by the internal laws of said State of Arkansas
.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between Tyson and you
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 you expressly waive any right that you may have to sue or be sued in the county of your residence and consent to venue in Washington County
.  All payments provided under this Agreement
 other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise
 shall be paid from the general funds of Tyson
 and no special or separate fund shall be established
 and no other segregation of assets made
 to assure payment.  You shall have no right
 title or interest whatever in or to any investments which Tyson may make to aid Tyson in meeting its obligations hereunder.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from Tyson hereunder
.  Tyson shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the total payments to be paid to you under this Agreement
 along with any other payments to you by Tyson
 would result in you being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (commonly referred to as the &#8220;Golden Parachute Tax&#8221;)
 Tyson shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to you without triggering the excise tax
tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by you will be made by Tyson. If payments are to be reduced
 the payments made latest in time will be reduced first and if payments are to be made at the same time
.  In the event that the termination of your employment does not constitute a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; as defined in Code Section 409A
 including all regulations and other guidance issued pursuant thereto
 your rights to the payments and benefits described in Section 4 will vest upon the Termination Date
 but no payment to you that is subject to Code Section 409A will be paid until you incur a separation from service (or until six (6) months after such date if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section)
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; as defined and applied in Code Section 409A as of your Termination Date
 then
 to the extent any payment under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Code Section 409A
 including those specified in subsection (f) of this Section) and to the extent required by Code Section 409A
 no payments due under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first (1st) day following the six (6) month anniversary of your Termination Date and (ii) your date of death; provided
 however
.  For purposes of Code Section 409A
 each &#8220;payment&#8221; (as defined by Code Section 409A) made under this Agreement will be considered a &#8220;separate payment.&#8221;  In addition
 for purposes of Code Section 409A
 each such payment will be deemed exempt from Code Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the &#8220;short-term deferral&#8221; exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1((b)(4)
amounts paid no later than the second (2nd) calendar year following the calendar year containing your Termination Date
 the &#8220;involuntary separation&#8221; pay exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)
.  Any amounts that are not exempt from Code Section 409A under paragraph (f) above
 and which are paid subject to your execution of a Release that provides for a consideration period and revocation period that crosses two calendar years
 shall be paid on the first payroll date in the second calendar year that occurs on or after the expiration of the revocation period
.  To the maximum extent permitted by law
 this Agreement will be interpreted and administered in such a manner that the payments to you are either exempt from
 or comply with
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAVE BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
Tyson Foods
 Inc.








 DATED NOVEMBER 15
 2013
 BY AND BETWEEN NOEL W. WHITE






		


This Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective the 
 2013 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
Noel W White
WHEREAS
 Tyson is engaged in a very competitive business
 where the development and retention of extensive confidential information
WHEREAS
 by virtue of your employment with Tyson
 you are involved in the development of
 and have access to
 Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
 trade secrets and proprietary information
 and
 if such information were to get into the hands of competitors of Tyson
WHEREAS
 you will not be provided with or given access to Tyson&#8217;s customers and goodwill or Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
WHEREAS
November 14
&#32;Agreement)
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 Tyson has advised you that agreement to the terms of this Agreement
 and specifically the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 is an integral part of this Agreement
 and you acknowledge the importance of the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 and having reviewed the Agreement as a whole
NOW
 THEREFORE
. In consideration of the above and other good and valuable consideration
 you are expressly being given employment
 continued employment
 a relationship with Tyson
 certain monies
 benefits
 severance
 stock awards
 training and/or access to trade secrets and confidential information of Tyson and its customers
 suppliers
.  Tyson hereby agrees to employ you and you hereby accept employment with Tyson.  The duties and services required to be performed by you shall be consistent with your position
 as assigned by Tyson in its sole discretion from time to time
 and shall be consistent with the level and responsibility of the duties and services performed by other employees in your band (&#8220;Band&#8221;).  At Tyson&#8217;s sole discretion
 both your position and Band are subject to change during your term of employment.  You agree to devote substantially all of your working time
 attention and energies to the business of Tyson.  You may make and manage personal investments (provided such investments in other activities do not violate
 in any material respect
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement)
 be involved in charitable and professional activities
 and
 with the prior written consent of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer
 serve on boards of other for profit entities
 provided such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of your duties hereunder. You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will not engage in any (i) competitive outside business activities
 (ii) outside business that provides goods or services to Tyson
 or (iii) outside business that buys products from Tyson
 other than with Tyson&#8217;s prior written approval. You will devote your best efforts to the performance of your duties and the advancement of Tyson and shall not engage in any other employment
 profitable activities
 or other pursuits which would cause you to disclose or utilize Confidential Information (as defined in Section 6(a))
 or reflect adversely on Tyson.  This obligation shall include
 but is not limited to
 obtaining Tyson&#8217;s consent prior to performing tasks for business associates of Tyson outside of your customary duties for Tyson
 giving speeches or writing articles
 blogs
 or posts
 about Tyson&#8217;s business
 improperly using Tyson&#8217;s name or identifying your association or position with Tyson in a manner that reflects unfavorably upon Tyson.  You further agree that you will not use
 incorporate
.  For the services to be performed hereunder during the Period of Employment
725
000.00
.  You may receive performance incentive awards under Tyson&#8217;s annual and long-term incentive plans then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
.  You may receive stock awards under an equity incentive compensation plan of Tyson then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
Benefit Plans
. You shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans of Tyson as adopted or amended from time to time on terms and in amounts consistent with those generally applicable to other employees in your Band.  You will be entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s applicable vacation policy
 as in effect from time to time.  Tyson will pay or reimburse you for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your services to Tyson
.  Base salary
 performance incentive compensation
 stock grant levels
 and plan participation will be subject to review annually (or from time to time at Tyson&#8217;s discretion)
&#32;&#32;During the Period of Employment
 Tyson shall make available to you the use of Tyson-owned assets
 including use of Tyson aircraft for up to 25 hours annually
 in a manner consistent with Tyson&#8217;s then existing policies; provided that your personal use of Tyson-owned assets shall not interfere with Tyson&#8217;s use of such assets.&#160; As part of such personal use of Tyson aircraft
 you may designate such number of additional passengers on such aircraft as seating permits
 and you need not be one of the passengers.  To the extent allowed under Tyson policy or practice
. Upon any termination of your employment for any reason
 you shall immediately resign from all boards
. Your employment hereunder will terminate upon your &#8220;Disability&#8221;.  For purposes of this Agreement
 Disability has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
 by Tyson.  If no long-term disability plan or policy was ever maintained on behalf of you or
 if the determination of Disability relates to an incentive stock option
 Disability means that condition described in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 as amended from time to time.  In the event of a dispute
.  Upon the occurrence of a &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; event
event.  If Tyson cures the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 you may not terminate your employment for Good Reason
 but may voluntarily resign pursuant to Section 3(d) below.  If Tyson fails to cure the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 your termination of employment will be effective under this Section 3(c).  For purposes of the Agreement
 you will be treated as having terminated for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; if you terminate employment after having been demoted to a less senior Band than that in which you were employed when executing this Agreement or to a position not covered by a Band
.  You may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement at any time by not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tyson
 which notice period may be waived by Tyson.  Upon receipt of such notice
 Tyson shall have the right
 at its sole discretion
.  Tyson may terminate your employment hereunder for &#8220;Cause&#8221; at any time after providing a notice of termination for Cause to you.  For purposes of this Agreement
any act by you of intentional misrepresentation or embezzlement
you are convicted of
 confess to
 plead no contest to
of any event constituting Cause
 or to terminate you as a result of such event
 be construed as a consent to the occurrence of future events
 whether or not similar to the initial occurrence
.  In the event that your employment hereunder is terminated in a manner as set forth in Section 3 above
Termination Due to Death
 Disability
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by reason of death
 Disability
 voluntary termination by you without Good Reason or for Cause by Tyson
Any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the Termination Date
 any accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under this Agreement
Any benefits accrued through the date of termination to which you may be entitled pursuant to the plans
 policies and arrangements
 as determined and paid in accordance with the terms of such plans
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson for reasons other than death
 Disability or Cause
 or by you for Good Reason
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
stock awards that are outstanding on your Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria
 if any
 are met.  Such pro rata portion shall be equal to the percentage of the total vesting period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become entitled to a pro rata portion of any performance share awards that are outstanding on the Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria is met.  The pro rata portion of your award shall equal the percentage of the total performance period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 an amount equal to
 and on terms equal to
 the severance payments and severance benefits provided to other employees within your Band
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Release&#8221; means that specific document which Tyson shall present to you for consideration and execution after your termination of employment
 under which you agree to irrevocably and unconditionally release and forever discharge Tyson
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates and related parties from any and all causes of action which you at that time had or may have had against Tyson (excluding any claim for indemnity under this Agreement
 or any claim under state workers&#8217; compensation or unemployment laws).  The Release will be provided to you as soon as practical after your Termination Date
 but in any event in sufficient time so that you will have adequate time to review the Release as provided by applicable law. The Release must be signed within twenty-one (21) days of its presentation to you (or within forty-five (45) days if you are terminated as part of a group termination).  The Release shall not become effective until seven (7) days after it is executed.  Tyson maintains a form of Release
 which it may change from time to time as it deems appropriate.  The latest version of the Release shall be available for your review upon request.  Subject to the payment provisions of the Tyson Foods Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees and Section 8 below
&#32;&#32;Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (defined below) the stock awards that have been granted to you pursuant to award agreements from Tyson under Section 2
 or which have otherwise been previously granted to you under an award agreement from Tyson; and which awards remain outstanding at the time of the Change in Control
 will be treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the term &#8220;Change in Control&#8221; shall have the same meaning as set forth in Tyson&#8217;s equity incentive compensation plan then in effect; provided
 however
 that a Change in Control shall not include any event as a result of which one or more of the following persons or entities possess or continues to possess
 immediately after such event
 over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company or
 if applicable
 a successor entity: (a) Tyson Limited Partnership
 or any successor entity; (b) individuals related to the late Donald John Tyson by blood
 marriage or adoption
 or the estate of any such individual (including Donald John Tyson&#8217;s); or (c) any entity (including
 but not limited to
 a partnership
 corporation
 trust or limited liability company) in which one or more of the entities
(50%) of the combined voting power or beneficial interests of such entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 this Section 5 shall not affect the time or form of payment under an applicable award agreement
 and all awards shall be paid at the time
 and in the form
.  You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with Tyson
 you will be provided
 learn
 develop and have access to Tyson&#8217;s trade secrets
 confidential information and proprietary materials which may include
 but are not limited to
 the following: strategies
 methods
 books
 records
 and documents; technical information concerning products
 formulas
 production
 distribution
 equipment
 services
 and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of and other information concerning customers
 suppliers
 vendors
 investors
 and other business affiliates (such as contact name
 service provided
 pricing
 type and amount of services used
 credit and financial data
 and/or other information relating to Tyson&#8217;s relationship with that business affiliate); pricing strategies and price curves; positions
 plans
 and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; weather data; financial analysis
 returns and reports and sales data; trading methodologies and terms; evaluations
 opinions
 and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers&#8217; names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating Tyson; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; personnel information
 including salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other information
 whether tangible or intangible
 in any form or medium provided (collectively
 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221;) which is not generally available to the public and which has been developed
 will be developed or acquired by Tyson at considerable effort and expense.  Without limiting the foregoing
 you acknowledge and agree that you will learn
 be provided
 develop and have access to certain techniques
 methods or applications implemented or developed by Tyson which are not generally known to the public or within the community in which Tyson competes
During the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter
 unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by Tyson
 you hereby covenant and agree: (i) to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (ii) not to
 directly or indirectly
 disclose
 divulge or reveal any Confidential Information to any person or entity other than as authorized by Tyson; (iii) to use such Confidential Information only within the scope of your employment with Tyson for the benefit of Tyson; and (iv) to take such protective measures as may be reasonably necessary to preserve the secrecy and interest of Tyson in the Confidential Information. You agree to immediately notify Tyson of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information of which you become aware.  The confidentiality obligations herein shall not prohibit you from revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to legitimate law enforcement officials or Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by law; however
.  &#8220;Creative Works&#8221; include
 but are not limited to
 all original works of authorship
 inventions
 discoveries
 designs
 computer hardware and software
 algorithms
 programming
 scripts
 applets
 databases
 database structures
 or other proprietary information
 business ideas
 and related improvements and devices
 which are conceived
 developed
 or made by you
 either alone or with others
 in whole or in part
 on or off Tyson&#8217;s premises
 (i) during your employment with Tyson
 (ii) with the use of the time
 materials
 or facilities of Tyson
 (iii) relating to any product
 service
 or activity of Tyson of which you have knowledge
 or (iv) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by you for Tyson.  Creative Works do not include inventions or other works developed by you entirely on your own time without using Tyson&#8217;s equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or trade secret information except for those inventions or works developed during your Period of Employment that either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Tyson&#8217;s business
 or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Tyson; or (b) result from any work performed by you for Tyson.  If you are or become a resident of any state during your employment that has enacted laws relating to ownership of works created without use of or reference to Tyson materials
 facilities
 and/or intellectual property and do not relate to Tyson&#8217;s business
To the extent any rights in the Creative Works are not already owned by Tyson
 you irrevocably assign and transfer to Tyson all proprietary rights
 including
 but not limited to
 all patent
 copyright
 trade secret
 trademark
 and publicity rights
 in the Creative Works and agree that Tyson will be the sole and exclusive owner of all right
 title
 and interest in the Creative Works.  Tyson will have the right to use all Creative Works
 whether original or derivative
 in any manner whatsoever and in any medium now known or later developed.  You agree not
 at any time
 to assert any claim
 ownership
Both during and after your employment
 you agree to execute any documents necessary to effectuate the assignment to Tyson of the Creative Works
 and will execute all papers and perform any other lawful acts reasonably requested by Tyson for the preparation
 prosecution
 procurement
 and maintenance of any trademark
 copyright
 and/or patent rights in and for the Creative Works.  You further agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation in addition to the salary paid to you during the development of the Creative Works.  In the event Tyson is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document Tyson reasonably requests you to execute under this Section 6
.  You are being employed or continuing to be employed by Tyson with the understanding that (i) you are free to enter into employment or continued employment with Tyson
 (ii) your employment with Tyson will not violate any agreement you may have with a third party (e.g.
 existing employment
 non-compete
 intellectual property ownership
 and/or non-disclosure agreements) and (iii) only Tyson is entitled to the benefit of your work.  If you have any agreements with a prior employer
 you are required to provide such agreements to Tyson prior to executing this Agreement.  Tyson has no interest in using any other person&#8217;s patents
 copyrights
 trade secrets
.  All written materials
 records
 data
property. All memoranda
 notes
 records
 files
 correspondence
 drawings
 manuals
 models
 specifications
 computer programs
 maps
 and all other documents
 data
 or materials of any type embodying such information
 ideas
 concepts
 improvements
 discoveries
 and inventions are Tyson&#8217;s property. You agree not to remove any property of Tyson
 including
 but not limited to
 any Confidential Information or Creative Works
 from Tyson&#8217;s premises
 except as authorized under Tyson&#8217;s policies or with the prior written approval of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  Unless specifically authorized by Tyson in writing
 you may not place Tyson Confidential Information or Creative Works on Removable Media
 as defined below.  On Tyson&#8217;s request
 your acceptance of other employment
 or the termination of your employment for any reason
 you will immediately return to Tyson all Tyson property
 including all Confidential Information and Creative Works and any and all documents and materials that contain
 refer to
 or relate in any way to any Confidential Information
 as well as any other property of Tyson in your possession or control
 including all electronic and telephonic equipment
 credit cards
 security badges
 and passwords.  You will permit Tyson to inspect any property provided by Tyson to you or developed by you as a result of or in connection with your employment with Tyson when you accept other employment or otherwise separate from your employment
 regardless of where the property is located.  For purposes of this Section
 &#8220;Removable Media&#8221; means portable or removable hard disks
 floppy disks
 USB memory drives
 zip disks
 optical disks
 CDs
 DVDs
 digital film
 memory cards (e.g.
 Secure Digital (SD)
 Memory Sticks (MS)
 CompactFlash (CF)
 SmartMedia (SM)
 MultiMediaCard (MMC)
 and xD-Picture Card (xD))
 magnetic tape
.  You acknowledge that Tyson performs services throughout the United States and that your duties and services impact Tyson&#8217;s performance of services throughout the United States.  Accordingly
 you acknowledge the need for certain restrictions contained in this Agreement to be without limitation as to location or geography within the United States.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 and for a period of 12 months thereafter
 you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of yourself or in conjunction with any other person
 company or entity
 own (other than less than 5% ownership in a publicly traded company)
 manage
 operate
 or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 or control of
 or be employed by or a consultant to any person
 company or entity which is in competition with Tyson
 with which you would hold a position with responsibilities similar to any position you held with Tyson during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date or in which you would utilize or disclose confidential methodologies
 techniques
a period of 12 months thereafter you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of you or any other person
 company or entity
 participate in the planning
 research or development of any strategies or methodologies
 similar to strategies or methodologies
 utilized or developed by Tyson
 excluding general industry knowledge
 for which you had access to
 utilized or developed during the 36 months preceding your Termination Date.  You agree that nothing in this Section shall limit your confidentiality obligations in this Agreement.  Further
 you understand and agree that during your employment and the restricted time periods thereafter designated in this Agreement
 while you may gather information to investigate other employment opportunities
 you shall not make plans or prepare to compete
 solicit or take on activities which are in violation of this Agreement.  Should you leave Tyson and accept employment or a consulting position with a competitor
.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 36 months thereafter
 you will not
 nor will you assist any third party to
 directly or indirectly (i) raid
 hire
 solicit
 encourage or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of Tyson
 or any person who was an employee or independent contractor of Tyson during the 6 months preceding the Termination Date
 who possesses or had access to Confidential Information of Tyson
 to leave the employ of or terminate a relationship with Tyson; (ii) interfere with the performance by any such persons of their duties for Tyson; (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in the paragraph above; or (iv) solicit
.  You agree that you shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct
 or make any statement or representation
 either oral or written
 that disparages
 impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation
 goodwill or interests of Tyson
 or any of its officers
 directors
 shareholders
 managing members
 representatives
 and/or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including
 without limitation
 the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors
 allegations
 negative reports or comments). Nor shall you direct
 arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on your behalf.  Nothing in this Section
 however
providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency
 or judicial
.  You acknowledge and agree that
 in the event of any breach by you of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 pursuant to the terms of certain benefit plans and programs
 your accrued benefits thereunder may be discontinued or forfeited
 in addition to any other rights and remedies Tyson may have at law or in equity.  You acknowledge that irreparable damage would result to Tyson if the provisions of this Agreement are not specifically enforced
 and that
 in addition to any other legal or equitable relief available
 and notwithstanding any alternative dispute resolution provisions that have been or may be agreed to between Tyson and you
 Tyson shall be entitled to injunctive relief in the event of any failure to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.  If you violate any of the terms of this Agreement
 you will indemnify Tyson for the expenses
 including but not limited to reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
. In addition to subsection (h) above
 any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy
 whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted
 established by Tyson that provides for the clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to you under circumstances requiring clawback or recovery as set forth in such policy.  Tyson will make any determinations for clawback or recover in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.  Further
 notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 if within one year of the termination of your employment
 Tyson becomes aware of facts that would have allowed Tyson to terminate your employment for Cause (within the meaning of Section 3)
 then
Tyson may elect to cancel any and all payments of benefits otherwise due to you
 but not yet paid
you will refund to Tyson any amounts
 plus interest
. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in this Agreement is to protect Tyson from unfair competition
 including improper use of the Confidential Information by you
 and that the restrictions and covenants contained herein are reasonable with respect to both scope and duration of application.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if any court determines that any of the terms herein are unreasonable
 invalid or unenforceable
 the court may interpret
 alter
 amend or modify any or all of the terms to include as much of the scope
 time period and intent as will render the restrictions enforceable
 and then as modified
 enforce the terms.  Each covenant and restriction contained in this Agreement is independent of each other such covenant and restriction
 and if any such covenant or restriction is held for any reason to be invalid
 unenforceable and incapable of corrective modification
 then the invalidity or unenforceability of such covenant or restriction shall not invalidate
.  All written notices
 requests and other communications provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given
 if delivered in person or by courier
 or by facsimile transmission or sent by express
 registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid addressed
 if to you
 at the most recent address on record in Tyson&#8217;s human resources information system
 and if to Tyson
Tyson Foods
Springdale
.  This Agreement contains all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and no other agreements
 oral or otherwise
 regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist or bind either of the parties hereto
.  This Agreement shall be binding upon you
 your heirs
 executors and personal representatives and upon Tyson
 its successors and assigns. You acknowledge that the services to be rendered by you are unique and personal. You may not assign
rights or delegate your duties or obligations under this Agreement
 in whole or in part
.  You acknowledge that this Agreement is performable at various locations throughout the United States and specifically performable wholly or partly within the State of Arkansas and consent to the validity
 interpretation
 performance and enforcement of this Agreement being governed by the internal laws of said State of Arkansas
.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between Tyson and you
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 you expressly waive any right that you may have to sue or be sued in the county of your residence and consent to venue in Washington County
.  All payments provided under this Agreement
 other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise
 shall be paid from the general funds of Tyson
 and no special or separate fund shall be established
 and no other segregation of assets made
 to assure payment.  You shall have no right
 title or interest whatever in or to any investments which Tyson may make to aid Tyson in meeting its obligations hereunder.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from Tyson hereunder
.  Tyson shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the total payments to be paid to you under this Agreement
 along with any other payments to you by Tyson
 would result in you being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (commonly referred to as the &#8220;Golden Parachute Tax&#8221;)
 Tyson shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to you without triggering the excise tax
tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by you will be made by Tyson. If payments are to be reduced
 the payments made latest in time will be reduced first and if payments are to be made at the same time
.  In the event that the termination of your employment does not constitute a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; as defined in Code Section 409A
 including all regulations and other guidance issued pursuant thereto
 your rights to the payments and benefits described in Section 4 will vest upon the Termination Date
 but no payment to you that is subject to Code Section 409A will be paid until you incur a separation from service (or until six (6) months after such date if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section)
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; as defined and applied in Code Section 409A as of your Termination Date
 then
 to the extent any payment under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Code Section 409A
 including those specified in subsection (f) of this Section) and to the extent required by Code Section 409A
 no payments due under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first (1st) day following the six (6) month anniversary of your Termination Date and (ii) your date of death; provided
 however
.  For purposes of Code Section 409A
 each &#8220;payment&#8221; (as defined by Code Section 409A) made under this Agreement will be considered a &#8220;separate payment.&#8221;  In addition
 for purposes of Code Section 409A
 each such payment will be deemed exempt from Code Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the &#8220;short-term deferral&#8221; exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1((b)(4)
amounts paid no later than the second (2nd) calendar year following the calendar year containing your Termination Date
 the &#8220;involuntary separation&#8221; pay exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)
.  Any amounts that are not exempt from Code Section 409A under paragraph (f) above
 and which are paid subject to your execution of a Release that provides for a consideration period and revocation period that crosses two calendar years
 shall be paid on the first payroll date in the second calendar year that occurs on or after the expiration of the revocation period
.  To the maximum extent permitted by law
 this Agreement will be interpreted and administered in such a manner that the payments to you are either exempt from
 or comply with
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAVE BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
Springdale
Nov. 13
Tyson Foods
 Inc.








 2013
 BY AND BETWEEN HOWELL P. CARPER






		


This Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective the 
 2013 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
Howell P Carper
WHEREAS
 Tyson is engaged in a very competitive business
 where the development and retention of extensive confidential information
WHEREAS
 by virtue of your employment with Tyson
 you are involved in the development of
 and have access to
 Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
 trade secrets and proprietary information
 and
 if such information were to get into the hands of competitors of Tyson
WHEREAS
 you will not be provided with or given access to Tyson&#8217;s customers and goodwill or Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
WHEREAS
November 14
&#32;Agreement)
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 Tyson has advised you that agreement to the terms of this Agreement
 and specifically the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 is an integral part of this Agreement
 and you acknowledge the importance of the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 and having reviewed the Agreement as a whole
NOW
 THEREFORE
. In consideration of the above and other good and valuable consideration
 you are expressly being given employment
 continued employment
 a relationship with Tyson
 certain monies
 benefits
 severance
 stock awards
 training and/or access to trade secrets and confidential information of Tyson and its customers
 suppliers
.  Tyson hereby agrees to employ you and you hereby accept employment with Tyson.  The duties and services required to be performed by you shall be consistent with your position
 as assigned by Tyson in its sole discretion from time to time
 and shall be consistent with the level and responsibility of the duties and services performed by other employees in your band (&#8220;Band&#8221;).  At Tyson&#8217;s sole discretion
 both your position and Band are subject to change during your term of employment.  You agree to devote substantially all of your working time
 attention and energies to the business of Tyson.  You may make and manage personal investments (provided such investments in other activities do not violate
 in any material respect
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement)
 be involved in charitable and professional activities
 and
 with the prior written consent of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer
 serve on boards of other for profit entities
 provided such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of your duties hereunder. You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will not engage in any (i) competitive outside business activities
 (ii) outside business that provides goods or services to Tyson
 or (iii) outside business that buys products from Tyson
 other than with Tyson&#8217;s prior written approval. You will devote your best efforts to the performance of your duties and the advancement of Tyson and shall not engage in any other employment
 profitable activities
 or other pursuits which would cause you to disclose or utilize Confidential Information (as defined in Section 6(a))
 or reflect adversely on Tyson.  This obligation shall include
 but is not limited to
 obtaining Tyson&#8217;s consent prior to performing tasks for business associates of Tyson outside of your customary duties for Tyson
 giving speeches or writing articles
 blogs
 or posts
 about Tyson&#8217;s business
 improperly using Tyson&#8217;s name or identifying your association or position with Tyson in a manner that reflects unfavorably upon Tyson.  You further agree that you will not use
 incorporate
.  For the services to be performed hereunder during the Period of Employment
625
000.00
.  You may receive performance incentive awards under Tyson&#8217;s annual and long-term incentive plans then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
.  You may receive stock awards under an equity incentive compensation plan of Tyson then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
Benefit Plans
. You shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans of Tyson as adopted or amended from time to time on terms and in amounts consistent with those generally applicable to other employees in your Band.  You will be entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s applicable vacation policy
 as in effect from time to time.  Tyson will pay or reimburse you for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your services to Tyson
.  Base salary
 performance incentive compensation
 stock grant levels
 and plan participation will be subject to review annually (or from time to time at Tyson&#8217;s discretion)
. Upon any termination of your employment for any reason
 you shall immediately resign from all boards
. Your employment hereunder will terminate upon your &#8220;Disability&#8221;.  For purposes of this Agreement
 Disability has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
 by Tyson.  If no long-term disability plan or policy was ever maintained on behalf of you or
 if the determination of Disability relates to an incentive stock option
 Disability means that condition described in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 as amended from time to time.  In the event of a dispute
.  Upon the occurrence of a &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; event
 you may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement by providing a notice of termination for Good Reason to Tyson within no more than seven (7) days of the Good Reason event and providing Tyson thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to cure the Good Reason event.  If Tyson cures the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 you may not terminate your employment for Good Reason
 but may voluntarily resign pursuant to Section 3(d) below.  If Tyson fails to cure the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 your termination of employment will be effective under this Section 3(c).  For purposes of the Agreement
 you will be treated as having terminated for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; if you terminate employment after having been demoted to a less senior Band than that in which you were employed when executing this Agreement or to a position not covered by a Band
.  You may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement at any time by not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tyson
 which notice period may be waived by Tyson.  Upon receipt of such notice
shall have the right
 at its sole discretion
.  Tyson may terminate your employment hereunder for &#8220;Cause&#8221; at any time after providing a notice of termination for Cause to you.  For purposes of this Agreement
any act by you of intentional misrepresentation or embezzlement
you are convicted of
 confess to
 plead no contest to
For purposes of this Agreement an act or failure to act shall be considered &#8220;willful&#8221; only if done or omitted to be done without your good faith reasonable belief that such act or failure to act was in the best interests of Tyson.  In no event shall Tyson&#8217;s failure to notify you of the occurrence of any event constituting Cause
 or to terminate you as a result of such event
 be construed as a consent to the occurrence of future events
 whether or not similar to the initial occurrence
.  In the event that your employment hereunder is terminated in a manner as set forth in Section 3 above
Termination Due to Death
 Disability
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by reason of death
 Disability
 voluntary termination by you without Good Reason or for Cause by Tyson
Any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the Termination Date
 any accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under this Agreement
Any benefits accrued through the date of termination to which you may be entitled pursuant to the plans
 policies and arrangements
 as determined and paid in accordance with the terms of such plans
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson for reasons other than death
 Disability or Cause
 or by you for Good Reason
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become vested in a pro rata portion of any of your unvested restricted stock awards that are outstanding on your Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria
 if any
 are met.  Such pro rata portion shall be equal to the percentage of the total vesting period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become entitled to a pro rata portion of any performance share awards that are outstanding on the Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria is met.  The pro rata portion of your award shall equal the percentage of the total performance period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 an amount equal to
 and on terms equal to
 the severance payments and severance benefits provided to other employees within your Band
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Release&#8221; means that specific document which Tyson shall present to you for consideration and execution after your termination of employment
 under which you agree to irrevocably and unconditionally release and forever discharge Tyson
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates and related parties from any and all causes of action which you at that time had or may have had against Tyson (excluding any claim for indemnity under this Agreement
 or any claim under state workers&#8217; compensation or unemployment laws).  The Release will be provided to you as soon as practical after your Termination Date
Release must be signed within twenty-one (21) days of its presentation to you (or within forty-five (45) days if you are terminated as part of a group termination).  The Release shall not become effective until seven (7) days after it is executed.  Tyson maintains a form of Release
 which it may change from time to time as it deems appropriate.  The latest version of the Release shall be available for your review upon request.  Subject to the payment provisions of the Tyson Foods Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees and Section 8 below
&#32;&#32;Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (defined below) the stock awards that have been granted to you pursuant to award agreements from Tyson under Section 2
 or which have otherwise been previously granted to you under an award agreement from Tyson; and which awards remain outstanding at the time of the Change in Control
 will be treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the term &#8220;Change in Control&#8221; shall have the same meaning as set forth in Tyson&#8217;s equity incentive compensation plan then in effect; provided
 however
 that a Change in Control shall not include any event as a result of which one or more of the following persons or entities possess or continues to possess
 immediately after such event
 over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company or
 if applicable
 a successor entity: (a) Tyson Limited Partnership
 or any successor entity; (b) individuals related to the late Donald John Tyson by blood
 marriage or adoption
 or the estate of any such individual (including Donald John Tyson&#8217;s); or (c) any entity (including
 but not limited to
 a partnership
 corporation
 trust or limited liability company) in which one or more of the entities
 individuals or estates described in clauses (a) and (b) hereof possess over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power or beneficial interests of such entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 this Section 5 shall not affect the time or form of payment under an applicable award agreement
 and all awards shall be paid at the time
 and in the form
.  You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with Tyson
 you will be provided
 learn
 develop and have access to Tyson&#8217;s trade secrets
 confidential information and proprietary materials which may include
 but are not limited to
 the following: strategies
 methods
 books
 records
products
 formulas
 production
 distribution
 equipment
 services
 and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of and other information concerning customers
 suppliers
 vendors
 investors
 and other business affiliates (such as contact name
 service provided
 pricing
 type and amount of services used
 credit and financial data
 and/or other information relating to Tyson&#8217;s relationship with that business affiliate); pricing strategies and price curves; positions
 plans
 and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; weather data; financial analysis
 returns and reports and sales data; trading methodologies and terms; evaluations
 opinions
 and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers&#8217; names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating Tyson; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; personnel information
 including salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other information
 whether tangible or intangible
 in any form or medium provided (collectively
 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221;) which is not generally available to the public and which has been developed
 will be developed or acquired by Tyson at considerable effort and expense.  Without limiting the foregoing
 you acknowledge and agree that you will learn
 be provided
 develop and have access to certain techniques
 methods or applications implemented or developed by Tyson which are not generally known to the public or within the community in which Tyson competes
During the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter
 unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by Tyson
 you hereby covenant and agree: (i) to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (ii) not to
 directly or indirectly
 disclose
 divulge or reveal any Confidential Information to any person or entity other than as authorized by Tyson; (iii) to use such Confidential Information only within the scope of your employment with Tyson for the benefit of Tyson; and (iv) to take such protective measures as may be reasonably necessary to preserve the secrecy and interest of Tyson in the Confidential Information. You agree to immediately notify Tyson of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information of which you become aware.  The confidentiality obligations herein shall not prohibit you from revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to legitimate law enforcement officials or Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by law; however
.  &#8220;Creative Works&#8221; include
 but are not limited to
 all original works of authorship
 inventions
 discoveries
 designs
 computer hardware and software
 algorithms
 programming
 scripts
 applets
 databases
 database structures
 or other proprietary information
 business ideas
 and related improvements and devices
 which are conceived
 developed
 or made by you
 either alone or with others
 in whole or in part
 on or off Tyson&#8217;s premises
 (i) during your employment with Tyson
 (ii) with the use of the time
 materials
 or facilities of Tyson
 (iii) relating to any product
 service
 or activity of Tyson of which you have knowledge
 or (iv) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by you for Tyson.  Creative Works do not include inventions or other works developed by you entirely on your own time without using Tyson&#8217;s equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or trade secret information except for those inventions or works developed during your Period of Employment that either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Tyson&#8217;s business
 or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Tyson; or (b) result from any work performed by you for Tyson.  If you are or become a resident of any state during your employment that has enacted laws relating to ownership of works created without use of or reference to Tyson materials
 facilities
 and/or intellectual property and do not relate to Tyson&#8217;s business
To the extent any rights in the Creative Works are not already owned by Tyson
 you irrevocably assign and transfer to Tyson all proprietary rights
 including
 but not limited to
 all patent
 copyright
 trade secret
 trademark
 and publicity rights
 in the Creative Works and agree that Tyson will be the sole and exclusive owner of all right
 title
 and interest in the Creative Works.  Tyson will have the right to use all Creative Works
 whether original or derivative
 in any manner whatsoever and in any medium now known or later developed.  You agree not
 at any time
 to assert any claim
 ownership
Both during and after your employment
 you agree to execute any documents necessary to effectuate the assignment to Tyson of the Creative Works
 and will execute all papers and perform any other lawful acts reasonably requested by Tyson for the preparation
 prosecution
 procurement
 and maintenance of any trademark
 copyright
during the development of the Creative Works.  In the event Tyson is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document Tyson reasonably requests you to execute under this Section 6
.  You are being employed or continuing to be employed by Tyson with the understanding that (i) you are free to enter into employment or continued employment with Tyson
 (ii) your employment with Tyson will not violate any agreement you may have with a third party (e.g.
 existing employment
 non-compete
 intellectual property ownership
 and/or non-disclosure agreements) and (iii) only Tyson is entitled to the benefit of your work.  If you have any agreements with a prior employer
 you are required to provide such agreements to Tyson prior to executing this Agreement.  Tyson has no interest in using any other person&#8217;s patents
 copyrights
 trade secrets
.  All written materials
 records
 data
 and other documents prepared or possessed by you during your employment with Tyson are Tyson&#8217;s property. All memoranda
 notes
 records
 files
 correspondence
 drawings
 manuals
 models
 specifications
 computer programs
 maps
 and all other documents
 data
 or materials of any type embodying such information
 ideas
 concepts
 improvements
 discoveries
 and inventions are Tyson&#8217;s property. You agree not to remove any property of Tyson
 including
 but not limited to
 any Confidential Information or Creative Works
 from Tyson&#8217;s premises
 except as authorized under Tyson&#8217;s policies or with the prior written approval of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  Unless specifically authorized by Tyson in writing
 you may not place Tyson Confidential Information or Creative Works on Removable Media
 as defined below.  On Tyson&#8217;s request
 your acceptance of other employment
 or the termination of your employment for any reason
 you will immediately return to Tyson all Tyson property
 including all Confidential Information and Creative Works and any and all documents and materials that contain
 refer to
 or relate in any way to any Confidential Information
 as well as any other property of Tyson in your possession or control
telephonic equipment
 credit cards
 security badges
 and passwords.  You will permit Tyson to inspect any property provided by Tyson to you or developed by you as a result of or in connection with your employment with Tyson when you accept other employment or otherwise separate from your employment
 regardless of where the property is located.  For purposes of this Section
 &#8220;Removable Media&#8221; means portable or removable hard disks
 floppy disks
 USB memory drives
 zip disks
 optical disks
 CDs
 DVDs
 digital film
 memory cards (e.g.
 Secure Digital (SD)
 Memory Sticks (MS)
 CompactFlash (CF)
 SmartMedia (SM)
 MultiMediaCard (MMC)
 and xD-Picture Card (xD))
 magnetic tape
.  You acknowledge that Tyson performs services throughout the United States and that your duties and services impact Tyson&#8217;s performance of services throughout the United States.  Accordingly
 you acknowledge the need for certain restrictions contained in this Agreement to be without limitation as to location or geography within the United States.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 and for a period of 12 months thereafter
 you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of yourself or in conjunction with any other person
 company or entity
 own (other than less than 5% ownership in a publicly traded company)
 manage
 operate
 or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 or control of
 or be employed by or a consultant to any person
 company or entity which is in competition with Tyson
 with which you would hold a position with responsibilities similar to any position you held with Tyson during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date or in which you would utilize or disclose confidential methodologies
 techniques
 customer lists or information of Tyson.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 12 months thereafter you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of you or any other person
 company or entity
 participate in the planning
 research or development of any strategies or methodologies
 similar to strategies or methodologies
 utilized or developed by Tyson
 excluding general industry knowledge
 for which you had access to
 utilized or developed during the 36 months preceding your Termination Date.  You agree that nothing in this Section shall limit your confidentiality obligations in this Agreement.  Further
 you understand and agree that during your employment and the restricted time periods thereafter designated in this Agreement
 while you may gather information to investigate other employment opportunities
 you shall not make plans or prepare to compete
 solicit or take on activities which are in violation of this Agreement.  Should you leave Tyson and accept employment or a consulting position with a competitor
.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 36 months thereafter
 you will not
 nor will you assist any third party to
 directly or indirectly (i) raid
 hire
 solicit
 encourage or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of Tyson
 or any person who was an employee or independent contractor of Tyson during the 6 months preceding the Termination Date
 who possesses or had access to Confidential Information of Tyson
 to leave the employ of or terminate a relationship with Tyson; (ii) interfere with the performance by any such persons of their duties for Tyson; (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in the paragraph above; or (iv) solicit
.  You agree that you shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct
 or make any statement or representation
 either oral or written
 that disparages
 impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation
 goodwill or interests of Tyson
 or any of its officers
 directors
 shareholders
 managing members
 representatives
 and/or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including
 without limitation
 the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors
 allegations
 negative reports or comments). Nor shall you direct
 arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on your behalf.  Nothing in this Section
 however
 shall prevent you from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency
 or judicial
.  You acknowledge and agree that
 in the event of any breach by you of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 pursuant to the terms of certain benefit plans and programs
 your accrued benefits thereunder may be discontinued or forfeited
 in addition to any other rights and remedies Tyson may have at law or in equity.  You acknowledge that irreparable damage would result to Tyson if the provisions of this Agreement are not specifically enforced
 and that
 in addition to any other legal or equitable relief available
 and notwithstanding any alternative dispute resolution provisions that have been or may be agreed to between Tyson and you
 Tyson shall be entitled to injunctive relief in the event of any failure to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.  If you violate any of the terms of this Agreement
expenses
 including but not limited to reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
. In addition to subsection (h) above
 any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy
 whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted
 established by Tyson that provides for the clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to you under circumstances requiring clawback or recovery as set forth in such policy.  Tyson will make any determinations for clawback or recover in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.  Further
 notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 if within one year of the termination of your employment
 Tyson becomes aware of facts that would have allowed Tyson to terminate your employment for Cause (within the meaning of Section 3)
 then
Tyson may elect to cancel any and all payments of benefits otherwise due to you
 but not yet paid
you will refund to Tyson any amounts
 plus interest
. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in this Agreement is to protect Tyson from unfair competition
 including improper use of the Confidential Information by you
 and that the restrictions and covenants contained herein are reasonable with respect to both scope and duration of application.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if any court determines that any of the terms herein are unreasonable
 invalid or unenforceable
 the court may interpret
 alter
 amend or modify any or all of the terms to include as much of the scope
 time period and intent as will render the restrictions enforceable
 and then as modified
 enforce the terms.  Each covenant and restriction contained in this Agreement is independent of each other such covenant and restriction
 and if any such covenant or restriction is held for any reason to be invalid
 unenforceable and incapable of corrective modification
 then the invalidity or unenforceability of such covenant or restriction shall not invalidate
.  All written notices
 requests and other communications provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given
 if delivered in person or by courier
 or by facsimile transmission or sent by express
 registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid addressed
 if to you
 at the most recent address on record in Tyson&#8217;s human resources information system
 and if to Tyson
Tyson Foods
Springdale
.  This Agreement contains all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and no other agreements
 oral or otherwise
 regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist or bind either of the parties hereto
.  This Agreement shall be binding upon you
 your heirs
 executors and personal representatives and upon Tyson
 its successors and assigns. You acknowledge that the services to be rendered by you are unique and personal. You may not assign
 transfer or pledge your rights or delegate your duties or obligations under this Agreement
 in whole or in part
.  You acknowledge that this Agreement is performable at various locations throughout the United States and specifically performable wholly or partly within the State of Arkansas and consent to the validity
 interpretation
 performance and enforcement of this Agreement being governed by the internal laws of said State of Arkansas
.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between Tyson and you
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 you expressly waive any right that you may have to sue or be sued in the county of your residence and consent to venue in Washington County
.  All payments provided under this Agreement
 other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise
 shall be paid from the general funds of Tyson
 and no special or separate fund shall be established
 and no other segregation of assets made
 to assure payment.  You shall have no right
 title or interest whatever in or to any investments which Tyson may make to aid Tyson in meeting its obligations hereunder.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from Tyson hereunder
.  Tyson shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the total payments to be paid to you under this Agreement
 along with any other payments to you by Tyson
 would result in you being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (commonly referred to as the &#8220;Golden Parachute Tax&#8221;)
 Tyson shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to you without triggering the excise tax
 but only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in you retaining larger aggregate after-tax payments. The determination of the excise tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by you will be made by Tyson. If payments are to be reduced
 the payments made latest in time will be reduced first and if payments are to be made at the same time
.  In the event that the termination of your employment does not constitute a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; as defined in Code Section 409A
 including all regulations and other guidance issued pursuant thereto
 your rights to the payments and benefits described in Section 4 will vest upon the Termination Date
 but no payment to you that is subject to Code Section 409A will be paid until you incur a separation from service (or until six (6) months after such date if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section)
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; as defined and applied in Code Section 409A as of your Termination Date
 then
 to the extent any payment under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Code Section 409A
 including those specified in subsection (f) of this Section) and to the extent required by Code Section 409A
 no payments due under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first (1st) day following the six (6) month anniversary of your Termination Date and (ii) your date of death; provided
 however
.  For purposes of Code Section 409A
 each &#8220;payment&#8221; (as defined by Code Section 409A) made under this Agreement will be considered a &#8220;separate payment.&#8221;  In addition
 for purposes of Code Section 409A
 each such payment will be deemed exempt from Code Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the &#8220;short-term deferral&#8221; exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1((b)(4)
 and (ii) with respect to any additional amounts paid no later than the second (2nd) calendar year following the calendar year containing your Termination Date
 the &#8220;involuntary separation&#8221; pay exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)
.  Any amounts that are not exempt from Code Section 409A under paragraph (f) above
 and which are paid subject to your execution of a Release that provides for a consideration period and revocation period that crosses two calendar years
 shall be paid on the first payroll date in the second calendar year that occurs on or after the expiration of the revocation period
.  To the maximum extent permitted by law
 this Agreement will be interpreted and administered in such a manner that the payments to you are either exempt from
 or comply with
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAVE BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
Tyson Foods
 Inc.








 2013
 BY AND BETWEEN STEPHEN R. STOUFFER






		


This Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective the 
 2013 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
Stephen R Stouffer
WHEREAS
 Tyson is engaged in a very competitive business
 where the development and retention of extensive confidential information
WHEREAS
 by virtue of your employment with Tyson
 you are involved in the development of
 and have access to
 Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
 trade secrets and proprietary information
 and
 if such information were to get into the hands of competitors of Tyson
WHEREAS
 you will not be provided with or given access to Tyson&#8217;s customers and goodwill or Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
WHEREAS
March 12
&#32;Agreement)
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 Tyson has advised you that agreement to the terms of this Agreement
 and specifically the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 is an integral part of this Agreement
 and you acknowledge the importance of the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 and having reviewed the Agreement as a whole
NOW
 THEREFORE
. In consideration of the above and other good and valuable consideration
 you are expressly being given employment
 continued employment
 a relationship with Tyson
 certain monies
 benefits
 severance
 stock awards
 training and/or access to trade secrets and confidential information of Tyson and its customers
 suppliers
.  Tyson hereby agrees to employ you and you hereby accept employment with Tyson.  The duties and services required to be performed by you shall be consistent with your position
 as assigned by Tyson in its sole discretion from time to time
 and shall be consistent with the level and responsibility of the duties and services performed by other employees in your band (&#8220;Band&#8221;).  At Tyson&#8217;s sole discretion
 both your position and Band are subject to change during your term of employment.  You agree to devote substantially all of your working time
 attention and energies to the business of Tyson.  You may make and manage personal investments (provided such investments in other activities do not violate
 in any material respect
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement)
 be involved in charitable and professional activities
 and
 with the prior written consent of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer
 serve on boards of other for profit entities
 provided such activities do not materially interfere with the performance of your duties hereunder. You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will not engage in any (i) competitive outside business activities
 (ii) outside business that provides goods or services to Tyson
 or (iii) outside business that buys products from Tyson
 other than with Tyson&#8217;s prior written approval. You will devote your best efforts to the performance of your duties and the advancement of Tyson and shall not engage in any other employment
 profitable activities
 or other pursuits which would cause you to disclose or utilize Confidential Information (as defined in Section 6(a))
 or reflect adversely on Tyson.  This obligation shall include
 but is not limited to
 obtaining Tyson&#8217;s consent prior to performing tasks for business associates of Tyson outside of your customary duties for Tyson
 giving speeches or writing articles
 blogs
 or posts
 about Tyson&#8217;s business
 improperly using Tyson&#8217;s name or identifying your association or position with Tyson in a manner that reflects unfavorably upon Tyson.  You further agree that you will not use
 incorporate
.  You shall receive
 in addition to all regular compensation for services as described in this Section 2 and the severance and benefits provided under Section 4 and Section 5
20
&#32;as additional consideration for signing this Agreement and for agreeing to abide and be bound by the terms
 provisions and restrictions of Section 6.  You understand and acknowledge that you have been properly and timely informed of the type
 amount and terms of such consideration and that you would not be entitled to such consideration
 and that such consideration would not be paid
.  For the services to be performed hereunder during the Period of Employment
450
000.00
.  You may receive performance incentive awards under Tyson&#8217;s annual and long-term incentive plans then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
.  You may receive stock awards under an equity incentive compensation plan of Tyson then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts consistent with those provided to other employees in your Band
Benefit Plans
. You shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans of Tyson as adopted or amended from time to time on terms and in amounts consistent with those generally applicable to other employees in your Band.  You will be entitled to an annual paid vacation in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s applicable vacation policy
paid by you in the performance of your services to Tyson
.  Base salary
 performance incentive compensation
 stock grant levels
 and plan participation will be subject to review annually (or from time to time at Tyson&#8217;s discretion)
. Upon any termination of your employment for any reason
 you shall immediately resign from all boards
. Your employment hereunder will terminate upon your &#8220;Disability&#8221;.  For purposes of this Agreement
 Disability has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
 by Tyson.  If no long-term disability plan or policy was ever maintained on behalf of you or
 if the determination of Disability relates to an incentive stock option
 Disability means that condition described in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 as amended from time to time.  In the event of a dispute
.  Upon the occurrence of a &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; event
 you may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement by providing a notice of termination for Good Reason to Tyson within no more than seven (7) days of the Good Reason event and providing Tyson thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to cure the Good Reason event.  If Tyson cures the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
 you may not terminate your employment for Good Reason
 but may voluntarily resign pursuant to Section 3(d) below.  If Tyson fails to cure the Good Reason event within such 30 day period
be effective under this Section 3(c).  For purposes of the Agreement
 you will be treated as having terminated for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; if you terminate employment after having been demoted to a less senior Band than that in which you were employed when executing this Agreement or to a position not covered by a Band
.  You may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement at any time by not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tyson
 which notice period may be waived by Tyson.  Upon receipt of such notice
 Tyson shall have the right
 at its sole discretion
.  Tyson may terminate your employment hereunder for &#8220;Cause&#8221; at any time after providing a notice of termination for Cause to you.  For purposes of this Agreement
any act by you of intentional misrepresentation or embezzlement
you are convicted of
 confess to
 plead no contest to
For purposes of this Agreement an act or failure to act shall be considered &#8220;willful&#8221; only if done or omitted to be done without your good faith reasonable belief that such act or failure to act was in the best interests of Tyson.  In no event shall Tyson&#8217;s failure to notify you of the occurrence of any event constituting Cause
 or to terminate you as a result of such event
 be construed as a consent to the occurrence of future events
 whether or not similar to the initial occurrence
.  In the event that your employment hereunder is terminated in a manner as set forth in Section 3 above
Termination Due to Death
 Disability
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by reason of death
 Disability
 voluntary termination by you without Good Reason or for Cause by Tyson
Any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the Termination Date
 any accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under this Agreement
Any benefits accrued through the date of termination to which you may be entitled pursuant to the plans
 policies and arrangements
 as determined and paid in accordance with the terms of such plans
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson for reasons other than death
 Disability or Cause
 or by you for Good Reason
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become vested in a pro rata portion of any of your unvested restricted stock awards that are outstanding on your Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria
 if any
 are met.  Such pro rata portion shall be equal to the percentage of the total vesting period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 you will become entitled to a pro rata portion of any performance share awards that are outstanding on the Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria is met.  The pro rata portion of your award shall equal the percentage of the total performance period
 measured in days
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
 an amount equal to
 and on terms equal to
 the severance payments and severance benefits provided to other employees within your Band
.  For purposes of this Agreement
of employment
 under which you agree to irrevocably and unconditionally release and forever discharge Tyson
 its subsidiaries
 affiliates and related parties from any and all causes of action which you at that time had or may have had against Tyson (excluding any claim for indemnity under this Agreement
 or any claim under state workers&#8217; compensation or unemployment laws).  The Release will be provided to you as soon as practical after your Termination Date
 but in any event in sufficient time so that you will have adequate time to review the Release as provided by applicable law. The Release must be signed within twenty-one (21) days of its presentation to you (or within forty-five (45) days if you are terminated as part of a group termination).  The Release shall not become effective until seven (7) days after it is executed.  Tyson maintains a form of Release
 which it may change from time to time as it deems appropriate.  The latest version of the Release shall be available for your review upon request.  Subject to the payment provisions of the Tyson Foods Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees and Section 8 below
&#32;&#32;Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (defined below) the stock awards that have been granted to you pursuant to award agreements from Tyson under Section 2
 or which have otherwise been previously granted to you under an award agreement from Tyson; and which awards remain outstanding at the time of the Change in Control
 will be treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the term &#8220;Change in Control&#8221; shall have the same meaning as set forth in Tyson&#8217;s equity incentive compensation plan then in effect; provided
 however
 that a Change in Control shall not include any event as a result of which one or more of the following persons or entities possess or continues to possess
 immediately after such event
 over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company or
 if applicable
 a successor entity: (a) Tyson Limited Partnership
 or any successor entity; (b) individuals related to the late Donald John Tyson by blood
 marriage or adoption
 or the estate of any such individual (including Donald John Tyson&#8217;s); or (c) any entity (including
 but not limited to
 a partnership
 corporation
 trust or limited liability company) in which one or more of the entities
 individuals or estates described in clauses (a) and (b) hereof possess over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power or beneficial interests of such entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 this Section 5 shall not affect the time or form of payment under an applicable award agreement
 and all awards shall be paid at the time
 and in the form
.  You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with Tyson
 you will be provided
 learn
 develop and have access to Tyson&#8217;s trade secrets
 confidential information and proprietary materials which may include
 but are not limited to
 the following: strategies
 methods
 books
 records
 and documents; technical information concerning products
 formulas
 production
 distribution
 equipment
 services
 and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of and other information concerning customers
 suppliers
 vendors
 investors
 and other business affiliates (such as contact name
 service provided
 pricing
 type and amount of services used
 credit and financial data
 and/or other information relating to Tyson&#8217;s relationship with that business affiliate); pricing strategies and price curves; positions
 plans
 and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; weather data; financial analysis
 returns and reports and sales data; trading methodologies and terms; evaluations
 opinions
 and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers&#8217; names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating Tyson; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; personnel information
 including salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other information
 whether tangible or intangible
 in any form or medium provided (collectively
 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221;) which is not generally available to the public and which has been developed
 will be developed or acquired by Tyson at considerable effort and expense.  Without limiting the foregoing
 you acknowledge and agree that you will learn
 be provided
 develop and have access to certain techniques
 methods or applications implemented or developed by Tyson which are not generally known to the public or within the community in which Tyson competes
During the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter
 unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by Tyson
 you hereby covenant and agree: (i) to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (ii) not to
 directly or indirectly
 disclose
of Tyson in the Confidential Information. You agree to immediately notify Tyson of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information of which you become aware.  The confidentiality obligations herein shall not prohibit you from revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to legitimate law enforcement officials or Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by law; however
.  &#8220;Creative Works&#8221; include
 but are not limited to
 all original works of authorship
 inventions
 discoveries
 designs
 computer hardware and software
 algorithms
 programming
 scripts
 applets
 databases
 database structures
 or other proprietary information
 business ideas
 and related improvements and devices
 which are conceived
 developed
 or made by you
 either alone or with others
 in whole or in part
 on or off Tyson&#8217;s premises
 (i) during your employment with Tyson
 (ii) with the use of the time
 materials
 or facilities of Tyson
 (iii) relating to any product
 service
 or activity of Tyson of which you have knowledge
 or (iv) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by you for Tyson.  Creative Works do not include inventions or other works developed by you entirely on your own time without using Tyson&#8217;s equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or trade secret information except for those inventions or works developed during your Period of Employment that either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Tyson&#8217;s business
 or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Tyson; or (b) result from any work performed by you for Tyson.  If you are or become a resident of any state during your employment that has enacted laws relating to ownership of works created without use of or reference to Tyson materials
 facilities
 and/or intellectual property and do not relate to Tyson&#8217;s business
To the extent any rights in the Creative Works are not already owned by Tyson
 you irrevocably assign and transfer to Tyson all proprietary rights
 including
 but not limited to
 all patent
 copyright
 trade secret
 trademark
 and publicity rights
 in the Creative Works and agree that Tyson will be the sole and exclusive owner of all right
 title
 and interest in the Creative Works.  Tyson will have the right to use all Creative Works
 whether original or derivative
medium now known or later developed.  You agree not
 at any time
 to assert any claim
 ownership
Both during and after your employment
 you agree to execute any documents necessary to effectuate the assignment to Tyson of the Creative Works
 and will execute all papers and perform any other lawful acts reasonably requested by Tyson for the preparation
 prosecution
 procurement
 and maintenance of any trademark
 copyright
 and/or patent rights in and for the Creative Works.  You further agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation in addition to the salary paid to you during the development of the Creative Works.  In the event Tyson is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document Tyson reasonably requests you to execute under this Section 6
.  You are being employed or continuing to be employed by Tyson with the understanding that (i) you are free to enter into employment or continued employment with Tyson
 (ii) your employment with Tyson will not violate any agreement you may have with a third party (e.g.
 existing employment
 non-compete
 intellectual property ownership
 and/or non-disclosure agreements) and (iii) only Tyson is entitled to the benefit of your work.  If you have any agreements with a prior employer
 you are required to provide such agreements to Tyson prior to executing this Agreement.  Tyson has no interest in using any other person&#8217;s patents
 copyrights
 trade secrets
.  All written materials
 records
 data
 and other documents prepared or possessed by you during your employment with Tyson are Tyson&#8217;s property. All memoranda
 notes
 records
 files
 correspondence
 drawings
 manuals
 models
 specifications
 computer programs
 maps
 and all other documents
 data
 or materials of any type embodying such information
 ideas
 concepts
 improvements
 discoveries
 and inventions are Tyson&#8217;s property. You agree not to remove any property of Tyson
 including
 but not limited to
 any Confidential Information or Creative Works
 from Tyson&#8217;s premises
or with the prior written approval of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  Unless specifically authorized by Tyson in writing
 you may not place Tyson Confidential Information or Creative Works on Removable Media
 as defined below.  On Tyson&#8217;s request
 your acceptance of other employment
 or the termination of your employment for any reason
 you will immediately return to Tyson all Tyson property
 including all Confidential Information and Creative Works and any and all documents and materials that contain
 refer to
 or relate in any way to any Confidential Information
 as well as any other property of Tyson in your possession or control
 including all electronic and telephonic equipment
 credit cards
 security badges
 and passwords.  You will permit Tyson to inspect any property provided by Tyson to you or developed by you as a result of or in connection with your employment with Tyson when you accept other employment or otherwise separate from your employment
 regardless of where the property is located.  For purposes of this Section
 &#8220;Removable Media&#8221; means portable or removable hard disks
 floppy disks
 USB memory drives
 zip disks
 optical disks
 CDs
 DVDs
 digital film
 memory cards (e.g.
 Secure Digital (SD)
 Memory Sticks (MS)
 CompactFlash (CF)
 SmartMedia (SM)
 MultiMediaCard (MMC)
 and xD-Picture Card (xD))
 magnetic tape
.  You acknowledge that Tyson performs services throughout the United States and that your duties and services impact Tyson&#8217;s performance of services throughout the United States.  Accordingly
 you acknowledge the need for certain restrictions contained in this Agreement to be without limitation as to location or geography within the United States.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 and for a period of 12 months thereafter
 you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of yourself or in conjunction with any other person
 company or entity
 own (other than less than 5% ownership in a publicly traded company)
 manage
 operate
 or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 or control of
 or be employed by or a consultant to any person
 company or entity which is in competition with Tyson
 with which you would hold a position with responsibilities similar to any position you held with Tyson during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date or in which you would utilize or disclose confidential methodologies
 techniques
 customer lists or information of Tyson.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 12 months thereafter you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of you or any other person
 company or entity
 participate in the planning
 research or development of any strategies or methodologies
 similar to strategies or methodologies
 utilized or developed by Tyson
 excluding general industry knowledge
 for which you had access to
obligations in this Agreement.  Further
 you understand and agree that during your employment and the restricted time periods thereafter designated in this Agreement
 while you may gather information to investigate other employment opportunities
 you shall not make plans or prepare to compete
 solicit or take on activities which are in violation of this Agreement.  Should you leave Tyson and accept employment or a consulting position with a competitor
.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 36 months thereafter
 you will not
 nor will you assist any third party to
 directly or indirectly (i) raid
 hire
 solicit
 encourage or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of Tyson
 or any person who was an employee or independent contractor of Tyson during the 6 months preceding the Termination Date
 who possesses or had access to Confidential Information of Tyson
 to leave the employ of or terminate a relationship with Tyson; (ii) interfere with the performance by any such persons of their duties for Tyson; (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in the paragraph above; or (iv) solicit
.  You agree that you shall not at any time engage in any form of conduct
 or make any statement or representation
 either oral or written
 that disparages
 impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation
 goodwill or interests of Tyson
 or any of its officers
 directors
 shareholders
 managing members
 representatives
 and/or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including
 without limitation
 the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors
 allegations
 negative reports or comments). Nor shall you direct
 arrange or encourage others to make any such derogatory or disparaging statements on your behalf.  Nothing in this Section
 however
 shall prevent you from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency
 or judicial
.  You acknowledge and agree that
 in the event of any breach by you of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 pursuant to the terms of certain benefit plans and programs
 your accrued benefits thereunder may be discontinued or forfeited
other rights and remedies Tyson may have at law or in equity.  You acknowledge that irreparable damage would result to Tyson if the provisions of this Agreement are not specifically enforced
 and that
 in addition to any other legal or equitable relief available
 and notwithstanding any alternative dispute resolution provisions that have been or may be agreed to between Tyson and you
 Tyson shall be entitled to injunctive relief in the event of any failure to comply with the provisions of this Agreement.  If you violate any of the terms of this Agreement
 you will indemnify Tyson for the expenses
 including but not limited to reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
. In addition to subsection (h) above
 any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy
 whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted
 established by Tyson that provides for the clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to you under circumstances requiring clawback or recovery as set forth in such policy.  Tyson will make any determinations for clawback or recover in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.  Further
 notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 if within one year of the termination of your employment
 Tyson becomes aware of facts that would have allowed Tyson to terminate your employment for Cause (within the meaning of Section 3)
 then
Tyson may elect to cancel any and all payments of benefits otherwise due to you
 but not yet paid
you will refund to Tyson any amounts
 plus interest
. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in this Agreement is to protect Tyson from unfair competition
 including improper use of the Confidential Information by you
 and that the restrictions and covenants contained herein are reasonable with respect to both scope and duration of application.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if any court determines that any of the terms herein are unreasonable
 invalid or unenforceable
 the court may interpret
 alter
include as much of the scope
 time period and intent as will render the restrictions enforceable
 and then as modified
 enforce the terms.  Each covenant and restriction contained in this Agreement is independent of each other such covenant and restriction
 and if any such covenant or restriction is held for any reason to be invalid
 unenforceable and incapable of corrective modification
 then the invalidity or unenforceability of such covenant or restriction shall not invalidate
.  All written notices
 requests and other communications provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given
 if delivered in person or by courier
 or by facsimile transmission or sent by express
 registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid addressed
 if to you
 at the most recent address on record in Tyson&#8217;s human resources information system
 and if to Tyson
Tyson Foods
Springdale
.  This Agreement contains all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and no other agreements
 oral or otherwise
 regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist or bind either of the parties hereto
.  This Agreement shall be binding upon you
 your heirs
 executors and personal representatives and upon Tyson
 its successors and assigns. You acknowledge that the services to be rendered by you are unique and personal. You may not assign
 transfer or pledge your rights or delegate your duties or obligations under this Agreement
 in whole or in part
.  You acknowledge that this Agreement is performable at various locations throughout the United States and specifically performable wholly or partly within the State of Arkansas and consent to the validity
 interpretation
 performance and enforcement of this Agreement being governed by the internal laws of said State of Arkansas
.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between Tyson and you
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 you expressly waive any right that you may have to sue or be sued in the county of your residence and consent to venue in Washington County
.  All payments provided under this Agreement
 other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise
 shall be paid from the general funds of Tyson
 and no special or separate fund shall be established
 and no other segregation of assets made
 to assure payment.  You shall have no right
 title or interest whatever in or to any investments which Tyson may make to aid Tyson in meeting its obligations hereunder.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from Tyson hereunder
.  Tyson shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal
.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the total payments to be paid to you under this Agreement
 along with any other payments to you by Tyson
 would result in you being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (commonly referred to as the &#8220;Golden Parachute Tax&#8221;)
 Tyson shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to you without triggering the excise tax
 but only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in you retaining larger aggregate after-tax payments. The determination of the excise tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by you will be made by Tyson. If payments are to be reduced
 the payments made latest in time will be reduced first and if payments are to be made at the same time
.  In the event that the termination of your employment does not constitute a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; as defined in Code Section 409A
 including all regulations and other guidance issued pursuant thereto
 your rights to the payments and benefits described in Section 4 will vest upon the Termination Date
Code Section 409A will be paid until you incur a separation from service (or until six (6) months after such date if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section)
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; as defined and applied in Code Section 409A as of your Termination Date
 then
 to the extent any payment under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Code Section 409A
 including those specified in subsection (f) of this Section) and to the extent required by Code Section 409A
 no payments due under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy may be made until the earlier of: (i) the first (1st) day following the six (6) month anniversary of your Termination Date and (ii) your date of death; provided
 however
.  For purposes of Code Section 409A
 each &#8220;payment&#8221; (as defined by Code Section 409A) made under this Agreement will be considered a &#8220;separate payment.&#8221;  In addition
 for purposes of Code Section 409A
 each such payment will be deemed exempt from Code Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the &#8220;short-term deferral&#8221; exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1((b)(4)
 and (ii) with respect to any additional amounts paid no later than the second (2nd) calendar year following the calendar year containing your Termination Date
 the &#8220;involuntary separation&#8221; pay exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)
.  Any amounts that are not exempt from Code Section 409A under paragraph (f) above
 and which are paid subject to your execution of a Release that provides for a consideration period and revocation period that crosses two calendar years
first payroll date in the second calendar year that occurs on or after the expiration of the revocation period
.  To the maximum extent permitted by law
 this Agreement will be interpreted and administered in such a manner that the payments to you are either exempt from
 or comply with
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAVE BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
Dakota Dunes
Tyson Foods
 Inc.








 INC. EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN






		


TO THE TYSON FOODS
(as Amended and Restated as of February 1
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT is made this 14th day of November
 2013
 by TYSON FOODS
 INC.
WHEREAS
 Tyson maintains the Tyson Foods
 Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 as amended and restated effective February 1
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 pursuant to its authority under Article VII of the Plan
NOW
 THEREFORE
The provisions of this Article II shall be effective for Eligible Employees hired on and after October 2
 2013; provided
 however
 that entry into the Plan pursuant to this Article II
 as amended
 may not occur any earlier than January 1
Except as specifically amended hereby
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
TYSON FOODS
 INC.








 INC.






		


TYSON FOODS
(Amended and Restated as of January 1
TYSON FOODS
This Plan
 adopted effective April 1
 1991 by Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 as last amended and restated herein as of January 1
 2009
 is an unfunded
 non-qualified deferred compensation plan designed to provide solely for a select group of management and highly compensated employees of Tyson Foods
 Inc. and its affiliates an opportunity to provide for retirement income. All amounts credited on the books of each Employer for the accounts of Members under this Plan at all times shall remain as unfunded
 general obligations of the Employer to its participating employees
 it being the intention that such obligations to Members under the Plan be paid
 when due
The Plan
 as amended and restated herein
 contemplates the adoption of the Plan by IBP
 inc. (now known as Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.) and its affiliates that maintain the Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc.
 which was frozen effective as of December 31
Tyson Foods
 Inc. now desires to amend and restate the Plan
 effective as of January 1
 2013
 except as otherwise provided herein
 to consolidate existing amendments and reduce prospectively the percentage of Compensation (as defined herein)
 exclusive of Annual Bonuses (as defined herein)
The Plan shall be administered in the manner set forth in the following Plan
.  &#8220;Account&#8221; means the bookkeeping accounts established and maintained by the Employer
 as adjusted for credits or charges
.  Each &#8220;Elective Deferral Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.1 from and after 2005
.  Each &#8220;Employer Match Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.2 from and after
.  Each &#8220;Non-elective Contribution Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.3 from and after 2005
.  Each &#8220;Pre-2005 Elective Deferral Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.1 prior to 2005
.  Each &#8220;Pre-2005 Employer Match Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.2 prior to 2005
.  Each &#8220;Pre-2005 Non-elective Contribution Account&#8221; reflects credits to a Member&#8217;s Account made on his or her behalf pursuant to Section 3.3 prior to 2005
 as adjusted to reflect designated rates of return and other credits or charges
 including &#8220;rollover accounts&#8221; formerly maintained under the Hudson Foods
The Elective Deferral Accounts
 Employer Match Accounts and Non-elective Contribution Accounts are collectively referred to herein as the &#8220;Post-2004 Accounts&#8221; and the Pre-2005 Elective Deferral Accounts
. &#8220;Annual Bonus&#8221; means an amount paid to a Member as bonus or performance incentive compensation as a component of his or her Compensation
.  &#8220;Beneficiary&#8221; means such person or persons or legal entity as may be designated by a Member to receive benefits hereunder after his or her death
 or
 if none is so designated
.  &#8220;Code&#8221; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
.  &#8220;Committee&#8221; means a committee consisting of not less than three members who may be officers and/or directors of Tyson Foods
 Inc. appointed by the Board of Directors of Tyson Foods
.  &#8220;Compensation&#8221; means wages
 including Bonuses
 within the meaning of Code Section 3401(a) (for purposes of income tax withholding at the source) and all other payments of compensation to an Employee by an Employer (in the course of the entity&#8217;s trade or business) during a Plan Year for which the Employer is required to furnish the Employee a written statement as required to be reported under Code Sections 6041(d)
 6051(a)(3) and 6052 (but without regard to any rules that limit the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the employment or the services performed).  Compensation shall include Elective Deferrals and any amount which would have been paid during a Plan Year
 but was contributed by an Employer on behalf of an Employee pursuant to a salary reduction agreement which is not includable in the gross income of the Employee under Section 125
 132(f)(4)
reimbursements or other expense allowances
 cash and noncash fringe benefits
 moving expense allowances
 any distributions from a plan of deferred compensation or 
 welfare benefits
.  &#8220;Elective Deferrals&#8221; means reductions pursuant to a Member&#8217;s Salary Reduction Agreement
 in the whole percentages (permitted below in Section 3.1) of the Member&#8217;s Compensation
 which amounts are credited by the Employer to the Member&#8217;s Elective Deferral Account under the Plan
.  &#8220;Eligible Employee&#8221; shall mean an Employee who the Employer reasonably projects
 based on his or her regular rate of pay
 will have Compensation for the determination year that equals or exceeds $110
000 (as adjusted under Section 414(q)(1) of the Code) or who is otherwise determined to be a &#8220;Highly Compensated Employee
.  &#8220;Employer&#8221; means Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 or any corporation into which it may be merged or consolidated
 or any affiliate that may adopt the Plan with approval of the Board of Directors of Tyson Foods
.  &#8220;Employer Match&#8221; shall mean the credit
 if any
.  &#8220;Enrollment Period&#8221; means
 with respect to deferrals of Compensation generally
 each election period designated by the Committee with respect to the Plan Year during which new Members may establish
 and current Members may amend
 their rates of Elective Deferrals under their Salary Reduction Agreements which ends prior to the first day of each Plan Year; provided
 however
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;with respect to a deferral of Annual Bonus
 the election period established by the Committee which ends prior to the earlier of the first day of each Plan Year or the first day of the applicable performance period; provided
 however
 if the Annual Bonus qualifies as performance-based compensation within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(e) and satisfies the criteria under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(a)(8)
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;in the case of a Member who is first eligible to defer Compensation as of any date other than January 1
.  &#8220;Member&#8221; means any Eligible Employee who has been designated for participation as provided in Article II below; provided
 however
.  &#8220;Plan&#8221; means the savings and profit sharing plan set forth in this document and all subsequent amendments thereto which in the aggregate are intended by the Employer to constitute a non-qualified savings and profit sharing retirement plan. The name of the Plan shall be the &#8220;Executive Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
.  &#8220;Plan Year&#8221; means
 prior to April 1
 1996
 each twelve-month period commencing April 1
 the period from April 1
 1996 to December 31
 1996 and
 thereafter
.  &#8220;Salary Reduction Agreement &#8220; means an agreement entered into between the Member and the Employer during the Enrollment Period by which the Member agrees to accept a reduction in his or her Compensation from the Employer equal to any whole percentage
 per payroll period
.  &#8220;Separation from Service&#8221; means the termination of the service relationship between a Member and the Employer (and its affiliates) if the termination constitutes a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; under Code Section 409A.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the service relationship between a Member and the Employer is considered to remain intact while the Member is on military leave
 sick leave or other bona fide leave of absence if there is a reasonable expectation that the Member will return to perform services for the Employer and the period of such leave does not exceed six months
 or if longer
 so long as the individual retains a right to return to service with the Employer under applicable law or contract.  Whether the Member has terminated the Member&#8217;s service relationship with the Employer will be determined by the Employer based on whether it is reasonably anticipated by the Employer and the Member that the Member will permanently cease providing services to the Employer (and its affiliates) or that the services to be performed by the Member will permanently decrease to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona fide services performed by the Member over the immediately preceding 36-month period or such shorter period during which the Member was performing services for the Employer (and its affiliates).  If a leave of absence occurs during such 36-month or shorter period which is not considered a Separation from Service
.  &#8220;Unforeseeable Emergency&#8221; means a severe hardship to the Member resulting from an illness or accident of the Member
 the Member&#8217;s spouse
 or a dependent (as defined in Code Section 152 without regard to Subsections 152(b)(1)
 (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B) thereof) of the Member
 loss of the Member&#8217;s property due to casualty
.  &#8220;Valuation Date&#8221; under the Plan shall mean the last business day of each calendar month
 unless otherwise designated by the Committee
.  A Member shall cease to be eligible for active participation in the Plan as of any date communicated to the Member by the Committee.  A Member who ceases to be eligible for active participation will no longer be eligible to make further Elective Deferrals under the Plan pursuant to Section 3.1
 if otherwise eligible to do so
 and will no longer be eligible to receive Non-elective Contributions under Section 3.3
 but shall continue to be subject to all other terms of the Plan so long as his or her Account has not been fully distributed. Any deferral election then in effect as of the date the Member ceases to be eligible for active participation will be cancelled by action of the Committee as soon as administratively practical
.  Subject to the provisions of Code Section 409A
 in the event a Member participates in a plan of an Employer or affiliate intended to qualify under Code Section 401(a) and containing a tax-qualified cash or deferred arrangement qualified under Code Section 401(k)
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;designate in writing one or more Beneficiaries to receive his or her benefits in the event of his or her death.  If no such designation be made
 or if such Beneficiary be deceased without a successor Beneficiary being designated in writing
 then the death benefits shall be paid in a lump sum to the surviving spouse of said Member
 if any
 otherwise to the Member&#8217;s estate.  Should a Beneficiary of a deceased Member die after he or she has started receiving payment under the Plan and if there is no living successor Beneficiary named by the deceased Member
 then the remaining benefits shall be paid in accordance with the designation of the Beneficiary.  If no such designation is in effect
 then the remaining death benefits shall be paid in a lump sum to the surviving spouse of said Beneficiary
 if any
 otherwise to the estate of the Beneficiary receiving payment at the time of his or her death.  Each Member shall be entitled to change his or her designated Beneficiaries from time to time by filing with the Committee a new designation of Beneficiary form
.  During any applicable Enrollment Period
 each Member may elect
 pursuant to a Salary Reduction Agreement
 to direct the Employer to reduce his or her Compensation
 and in lieu thereof
 credit to the Elective Deferral Account of such Member an amount equal to such reduction
 with such reduction amounts to be in integral percentages
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;From one percent (1%) to sixty percent (60%) of his or her Compensation (net of applicable withholdings)
&#32;Annual Bonuses
Members may elect to have Elective Deferrals applied either to Compensation excluding Annual Bonuses
 to Annual Bonuses
 or both
&#32;Salary Reduction Agreement that a Member&#8217;s deferral election will carry over from Plan Year to Plan Year and
 in that case
.  All Salary Reduction Agreements shall be in writing or in such other form permitted by the Committee and shall be submitted to the Employer or its designee during the applicable Enrollment Period in accordance with the normal administrative procedures established by the Committee. No Salary Reduction Agreement made pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(i) above shall be given effect unless
 at that time
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;an amount determined by applying the matching contribution provisions of the Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc. (but without regard to any of the restrictive provisions applicable to that plan as a tax-qualified retirement plan
 including
 without limitation
 Sections 401(a)(17)
 401(k)
 401(m) and 402(g) of the Code) to the sum of the maximum aggregate elective deferrals that could be made by the Member under the tax-qualified cash or deferred arrangement of the Employer and the Elective Deferrals made under the Plan for the period
.  An Employer may
 in its discretion
 make contributions to any Member&#8217;s Non-elective Contribution Account for one or more Plan Years
.  No election to defer a portion of a Member&#8217;s Compensation shall be made outside of an applicable Enrollment Period.  In particular
 no election to defer a portion of a Member&#8217;s Compensation (exclusive of any Annual Bonus) may be made later than the last day of the calendar year immediately preceding the Plan Year in which the Compensation will be earned.  Notwithstanding the above
 in the case of the first Plan Year in which an Eligible Employee becomes a Member
 the Committee may
 at its discretion
 allow the Member to make an election to defer a portion of the Member&#8217;s Compensation that will be payable to him or her for that Plan Year (but only with respect to Compensation paid for services performed after the date of the election) within thirty (30) days after the date the Eligible Employee becomes a Member.  Except in the case of the first Plan Year in which an Eligible Employee becomes a Member
 no election to defer the portion of a Member&#8217;s Annual Bonus may be made later than six months prior to the last day of the performance period for which the Annual Bonus is payable and only then if the Member has provided services continuously to the Employer or an affiliate from the later of the beginning of the performance period or the date the corresponding performance criteria have been established and
 provided further
.  The amount of contributions made on behalf of a Member under this Article 3 shall not be deemed to be earnings or compensation for the purpose of calculating the amount of a Member&#8217;s benefits or contributions under a retirement or deferral plan of an Employer or the basis or amount for any other benefit plan provided by an Employer
 except to the extent provided in any such plan.  No amount distributed under this Plan shall be deemed to be earnings or a part of the Member&#8217;s total compensation when determining a Member&#8217;s benefit under any benefit plan established by an Employer
.  The Employer shall establish and maintain for each Member the subaccounts described in Section 1.1
 in addition to such other subaccounts as otherwise necessary to reflect the terms of the Plan in effect prior to January 1
.  Until such time as the Committee directs otherwise
All investment directions
 or changes in investment directions
An investment direction
 once given
 shall be deemed to be a continuing direction until changed as otherwise provided herein.  If no direction is effective for the date a deferral or contribution is to be made
.  A Member may elect
 according to the procedures established by the Committee
.  The Member&#8217;s Account shall be credited or charged with the rate of return which would have been earned had the Member&#8217;s Account
 or applicable portion thereof
.  A Member&#8217;s Account shall cease to be credited with hypothetical investment returns as of the Valuation Date that the Account
 or applicable portion thereof
All Account and subaccount balances shall be fully vested at all times; provided
 however
 that Non-elective Contribution Accounts and Pre-2005 Non-elective Contribution Accounts
 and any subaccounts thereof
.  Prior to the time that payments otherwise become due in accordance with the provisions of the Plan
 the Committee may pay all or a portion of a Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts (reduced by negative rates of return experienced); provided
 however
 that any such distribution shall be made only if it is demonstrated that an Unforeseeable Emergency exists and only to the extent necessary to relieve the financial hardship presented by the Unforeseeable Emergency.  For the purposes of this Article 6
 the Committee shall have the sole and absolute discretion
 which shall be exercised in a nondiscriminatory and uniform manner
. Unforeseeable Emergency payments shall be made to a Member only in accordance with such rules
 policies
 procedures
 restrictions
 and conditions as the Committee may from time to time adopt.  Any distribution under this Article 6 must be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need (including federal
.  If a Member dies before distributions have commenced
 the Member&#8217;s Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive the full value of the Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts.  The Member&#8217;s Beneficiary shall be paid by default in annual installments over five (5) years with the first installment to be paid in the first January following the calendar year of death; provided
 however
 if the value of the Member&#8217;s aggregate Post-2004 Accounts (and all similar plans (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(c)(2)) and the resulting distribution is less than the then applicable dollar limit under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code
.  If a Member dies after distributions have commenced
 but prior to the complete payment of the Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts
.  If
 subsequent to the death of a Member
 the Member&#8217;s Beneficiary dies while entitled to receive benefits under the Plan
 the successor Beneficiary
 if any
 shall be entitled to receive benefits under the Plan.  However
 if no such successor Beneficiary is alive
 the Member&#8217;s benefits under the Plan shall be paid in accordance with the designation of the Beneficiary.  If no such designation is in effect
 then the remaining death benefits shall be paid to the Beneficiary&#8217;s spouse
 if any
 and if the Beneficiary is not survived by a spouse
.  During the applicable Enrollment Period in which a Member may elect to make Elective Deferrals for any Plan Year pursuant to Section 3.1(a)
 including the Member&#8217;s initial deferral election and initial deferral elections for subsequent Plan Years
 the Member may elect the manner in which amounts in his or her Employee Deferral Account and Employer Match Account attributable to each such Plan Year shall be paid.  For each Plan Year for which a Member makes an initial deferral election pursuant to Section 3.1(a)
.  A Member making an initial deferral election pertaining to the timing and form of payment of amounts held in his or her Post-2004 Accounts with respect to any Plan Year may elect to change a payment commencement date previously selected for amounts deferred in such Plan Year if (i) such redeferral election does not take effect until twelve (12) months following the date on which the redeferral election is made; (ii) the first payment with respect to which the redeferral is made is deferred for at least five (5) years from the date the payment would otherwise have commenced; and (iii) in the instance of a redeferral of a payment to be made at a fixed time or pursuant to a fixed schedule
 the redeferral election does not occur less than twelve (12) months before the date of the first scheduled payment.  If the applicable conditions in the immediately preceding sentence are not satisfied
 the redeferral election will not be given effect.  If the redeferral election affects an election with alternative payment events or is modified to provide for multiple payment events
 each of the requirements in clauses (i)
.  If a Member fails to make a timely election pursuant to Section 8.1(a) for amounts so deferred with respect to any Plan Year
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 8 (other than Section 8.1(d)(v))
 if the aggregate value of the Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts and all similar plans (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(c)(2)) and the resulting distribution is less than the then applicable dollar limit under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code
.  The Committee
 in its discretion
 may initiate a distribution in a lump sum of a Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts if the aggregate amount credited thereto and the resulting distribution does not exceed
 and has not exceeded for the immediately preceding two (2)-year period
 the then applicable dollar limit under Section 402(g)(1)(B) of the Code and the distribution effects a termination and liquidation of the entirety of the Member&#8217;s interest in the Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts and all similar plans (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(c)(2))
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 8
 if a Member is a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code at the date of his or her Separation from Service
.  For purposes of this Section 8.1
 annual installments means a series of amounts to be paid annually over a predetermined period of years in substantially equal periodic payments
.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary
 the Committee shall cause each Employer to make payments hereunder before such payments are otherwise due if it determines that the provisions of the Plan fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided
 however
 that such payment(s) may not exceed the amount required to be included in income as a result of such failure to comply the requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and
 to the extent permissible therein
 any taxes
 penalties
. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary
 the Committee may allow a Member to elect a form and time for the distribution of his or her Post-2004 Accounts different from the foregoing provisions of this Article 8 provided that:  (a) the election is made on or before December 31
 2008; (b) the election satisfies the limitations on the nature of any such election as set forth in Section 3.02 of Revenue Procedure 2007-86
 including the requirement that any such election shall only apply to amounts not otherwise payable in 2008 and shall not cause an amount to be paid in 2008 that would not otherwise be payable in 2008; and (c) any such Member&#8217;s election is irrevocably made in writing on or before December 31
.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
 if an Employer reasonably anticipates that the Employer&#8217;s deduction with respect to any distribution from this Plan would be limited or eliminated by application of Section 162(m) of the Code
 then to the extent deemed necessary by the Employer to ensure that the entire amount of any distribution from this Plan is deductible
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Whenever any person entitled to payments under the Plan shall be a minor or under other legal disability or in the sole judgment of the Employer otherwise shall be unable to apply such payments to his or her own best interest and advantage (as in the case of illness
 whether mental or physical or where the person not under legal disability is unable to preserve his or her estate for his or her own best interest)
 the Employer may in the exercise of its discretion direct all or any portion of such payments to be made in any one or more of the following ways unless claim shall have been made therefor by an existing and duly appointed guardian
 tutor
 conservator
 committee or other duly appointed legal representative
(ii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;to the spouse
 child
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The decision of the Employer will
 in each case
.  The Board of Directors may remove members from or add members to the Committee at any time
 within its discretion
 and may fill vacancies on the Committee. An individual member of the Committee may not participate in any decision exclusively affecting his or her own participation in the Plan. The Committee shall select one of its members as Chairman
 and shall hold meetings at such times and places as it may determine. Acts of a majority of the Committee at which a quorum is present
 or acts reduced to or approved in writing by a majority of the members of the Committee
 shall be valid acts of the Committee. The Committee shall have the sole authority
 in its absolute discretion
 to adopt
 amend and rescind such rules and regulations as
 in its opinion
 may be advisable in the administration of the Plan; and to construe and interpret the Plan
 the rules and regulations
 and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. All decisions
 determinations
 and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all Members. The Committee may employ such legal counsel
 consultants and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of the Plan and may rely upon any opinion received from any such counsel or consultant and any computation received for any such consultant or agent. Expenses incurred by the Board of Directors or the Committee in the engagement of such counsel
.  The right of any Member or Beneficiary to any benefit or payment under the Plan shall not be subject to alienation or assignment
 and to the fullest extent permitted by law
 shall not be subject to attachment
 execution
 garnishment
 sequestration or other legal or equitable process.  In the event a Member or Beneficiary who is receiving or is entitled to receive benefits under the Plan attempts to assign
 transfer or dispose of such right
 or if an attempt is made to subject said right to such process
 such assignment
 transfer or disposition shall be null and void.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 all or a portion of a Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Account may be distributed to the spouse or a former spouse of the Member pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order which creates or recognizes the existence of the spouse&#8217;s or former spouse&#8217;s right to
 or assigns to the spouse or former spouse the right to
 receive all or a portion of the Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Account.  Subject to such additional rules as the Committee may prescribe from time to time
 for purposes of this Section 9.2
 the term &#8220;domestic relations order&#8221; means any judgment
 decree or order (including approval of a property settlement agreement) which relates to the provision of alimony payments or marital property rights to the spouse or a former spouse of a Member
 is made pursuant to a state domestic relations law (including a community property law) and does not provide for any form of payment different from those forms of payment permitted by the terms of the Plan; provided
 however
 that any such order may provide for the payment (or
 if otherwise permitted
.  The costs of maintaining records and executing transfers under the Plan shall be paid by Tyson Foods
 Inc.
.  Tyson Foods
 Inc. shall indemnify and hold harmless any officer
 employee
 agent
 or representative who incurs damage or loss
 including the expense of defense thereof
 in connection with the performance of the duties specified herein
Action by Tyson Foods
.  Any action to be taken by Tyson Foods
 Inc. or another Employer shall be taken by resolution or written direction duly adopted by its board of directors or appropriate governing body
 as the case may be; provided
 however
 that by such resolution or written direction
 the board of directors or appropriate governing body
 as the case may be
.  Tyson Foods
 Inc. or any successor thereto reserves the right by action of the Board of Directors or its delegatee at any time to modify or amend or terminate the Plan.  No such modifications or amendments shall have the effect of retroactively changing or depriving Members or Beneficiaries of benefits already accrued under the Plan; provided
 however
 that Tyson Foods
 Inc. (or its successor) shall have the right to amend the Plan in any respect to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and any guidance promulgated thereunder so as not to trigger any unintended tax consequences prior to the distribution of benefits provided herein.  Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary
 upon termination of the Plan
 each Member&#8217;s Post-2004 Accounts shall be paid in due course in accordance with Articles VII and VIII
 unless Tyson Foods
 Inc. (or its successor) elects to have all Post-2004 Accounts paid in a lump sum after the Plan&#8217;s termination but only if Tyson Foods
 Inc. (or its successor) determines that such payment of Post-2004 Accounts will not constitute an impermissible acceleration of payments under one of the exceptions provided in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)
 or any successor guidance.  In such event
 payment shall be made at the earliest date permitted under such guidance on account of the event.  No Employer other than Tyson Foods
 Inc. (or its successor) shall have the right to so modify
.  Each Employer (other than Tyson Foods
 Inc.) shall have the right to terminate its participation in the Plan by resolution of its board of directors or other appropriate governing body and notice in writing to Tyson Foods
 Inc.  Any termination by another such Employer shall not be a termination as to any other Employer.  Any such termination shall not trigger payment of any affected Member&#8217;s Account unless Tyson Foods
 Inc. (or its successor) affirmatively determines otherwise by action of its Board of Directors and
 in such event
.  If the Plan is terminated by Tyson Foods
Any affiliate or other business entity related to Tyson Foods
 Inc. by function or operation
 if the affiliate or business entity is authorized to do so by written direction adopted by the Board of Directors of Tyson Foods
.  The granting of any right to an Employee
 pursuant to this Plan
 shall not constitute an agreement or understanding
 express or implied
 on the part of Tyson Foods
 Inc. or any affiliate
.  If a Member or a Beneficiary is denied a claim for benefits under the Plan
 the Committee shall provide to the claimant written notice of the denial within ninety (90) days after the Committee receives the claim
 unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim.  If such an extension of time is required
 written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant prior to the termination of the initial 90-day period.  In no event shall the extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days from the end of such initial period.  Any extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension of time
 the date by which the Committee expects to render the final decision
 the standards on which entitlement to benefits are based
.  If a Member or Beneficiary is denied a claim for benefits under a Plan
(iv)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;an explanation of the Plan&#8217;s claim review procedures
 and the time limits applicable to such procedures
.  After receiving written notice of the denial of a claim
(ii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;request
 free of charge
 reasonable access to
 and copies of
 all documents
 records
(iii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;submit written comments
 documents
 records
(iv)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a review that takes into account all comments
 documents
 records
 and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim
.  If a claimant wishes a review of the decision denying his or her claim to benefits under the Plan
.  Upon receiving such written application for review
 the Committee may schedule a hearing for purposes of reviewing the claimant&#8217;s claim
.  At least ten (10) days prior to the scheduled hearing
 the claimant and his or her representative designated in writing by him or her
 if any
 shall receive written notice of the date
 time
 and place of such scheduled hearing.  The claimant or his or her representative
 if any
 may request that the hearing be rescheduled
 for his or her convenience
.  No later than sixty (60) days following the receipt of the written application for review
 the Committee shall submit its decision on the review in writing to the claimant involved and to his or her representative
 if any
extension of time
 to a day no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of receipt of the written application for review.  If the Committee determines that the extension of time is required
 the Committee shall furnish to the claimant written notice of the extension before the expiration of the initial sixty (60) day period.  The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render its decision on review.  In the case of a decision adverse to the claimant
(iii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive
 upon request and free of charge
 reasonable access to
 and copies of
 all documents
 records
.  The construction
 validity
 and operation of this Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware
.  Throughout this Plan
 the masculine includes the feminine
 and the singular and the plural
 and vice versa
.  All payments provided under the Plan shall be paid from the general assets of the Employer and no separate fund shall be established to secure payment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Employer may establish a grantor trust to assist it and any affiliate in funding Plan obligations
.  For each Plan Year in which a Member who is an Employee has amounts credited to his or her Post-2004 Accounts under the Plan
 the Employer shall
 to the extent applicable
 withhold from that portion of the Member&#8217;s Compensation that is not being deferred in a manner determined by the Employer
 the Member&#8217;s share
 if any
 of FICA and other employment taxes on such deferred compensation that the Employer is required to withhold.  If insufficient cash wages are available or if the Member so desires
.  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan to the contrary
 payments under the Plan may be accelerated to pay
 where applicable
 the FICA tax imposed under Sections 3101
 3121(a)
 and 3121(v)(2) of the Code and any state
 local
 and foreign tax obligations (the &#8220;Tax Obligations&#8221;) that may be imposed on amounts deferred pursuant to this Plan prior to the time such amounts are paid or made available to the Member and to pay the income tax at source on wages imposed under Section 3401 of the Code or the corresponding withholding provisions of applicable state
 local
.  In the administration of the Plan
 the Committee may employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit
. The Committee shall provide or otherwise make available to each Member
 within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each Plan Year
.  In case any provision of this Plan shall be invalid for any reason
 said invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof
 but
 to the extent practicable
Several
 Not Joint
.  The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code and is unfunded and
 with respect to Members who are Employees
 is maintained by one or more Employers primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for &#8220;a select group of management or highly compensated employees&#8221; within the meaning of Sections 201(2)
 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA.  The Plan shall be administered and interpreted (i) in a manner consistent with that intent
.  Members and their Beneficiaries
 heirs
 successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights
 interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer.  For purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan
 any and all of an Employer&#8217;s assets shall be
 and remain
 the general
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 Tyson Foods
TYSON FOODS
The distribution of Pre-2005 Accounts shall be administered solely in accordance with the provisions of this Appendix A
.  The following distribution rules apply to all Members
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If the aggregate sum of a Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts total $50
000 or less as of the first Valuation Date immediately following the Member&#8217;s termination of service for any reason
(ii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If the aggregate sum of a Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts total more than $50
000 as of the first Valuation Date immediately following the Member&#8217;s termination of service for any reason
(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;unless the Member timely elects another form of payment pursuant to Section 1(a)(ii)(2) below
 the Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts shall be paid in annual installments over ten (10) years
 with the first installment to be paid in January immediately following the later of the date the Member attains age 62 or terminates service; provided
 however
 if the Pre-2005 Accounts become payable by reason of the Member&#8217;s death prior to age 62
 the Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts shall be paid in annual installments over ten (10) years
 with the first installment to be paid in January following the calendar year in which the Member would have attained age 62.  If the Member&#8217;s death occurs on or after attaining age 62 during a calendar year
(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;in lieu of the default payment method described in Section 1(a)(ii)(1) above
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;biannual installment payments extending over a period of not more than fifteen (15) years
 with the first installment commencing as of any January within the fifteen (15)-year period that commences with the later of the calendar year in which the Member attains age 62 or terminates service.  Subject to the foregoing
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;annual installment payments extending over a period of not more than fifteen (15) years
 with the first installment commencing as of any January within the fifteen (15)-year period that commences with the later of the calendar year in which the Member attains age 62 or terminates service.  Subject to the foregoing
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a lump sum payment of all or any portion of a Member&#8217;s Accounts
 whether or not the Member is then in the service of the Employer
 with the remainder payable under any provision of this Section 1
For purposes of this Section 1(a)(ii)(2)
For purposes of this Section 1(a)(ii)
 the amount of any installment payment shall be determined by multiplying the Pre-2005 Account balance determined as of the date for processing the distribution by a fraction
(iii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A Member or Beneficiary
 whether or not the Member is then in the service of the Employer
 may petition the Committee for the immediate payout of all or a portion of the Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts in a lump sum
 which petition shall be granted or rejected at the sole discretion of the Committee.  In ruling upon any such petition
(iv)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If
 as of any Valuation Date
 a Member's Pre-2005 Accounts total $5
000 or less and the Member has not had any Elective Deferrals credited to his or her Account for at least a two (2)-year period
Certain Grandfathered Distribution Rules Effective Prior to January 1
.  Distribution of Pre-2005 Accounts in pay status as of January 1
 2003 or that become payable at any time during the 2003 calendar year will continue during the 2003 calendar year in accordance with the distribution rules in effect under the provisions of the Plan in effect immediately prior to January 1
 2003 or
 if the Member was previously a participant in the Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc.
 pursuant to the rules in effect under that plan immediately prior to January 1
 2003 (the &#8220;Transitional Grandfathered Rules&#8221;).  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Committee
 in its sole discretion
 may extend the application of the Transitional Grandfathered Rules to the continued payment of the Pre-2005 Accounts of any Member who is otherwise subject to the provisions of this Section 1(b).  In addition
 if the aggregate sum of a Member&#8217;s Pre-2005 Accounts total $50
000 or less as of the first Valuation Date immediately following the Member&#8217;s termination of service for any reason
 the Pre-2005 Accounts shall be distributed to the Member in cash in a lump sum as soon as practicable following the termination of service notwithstanding any provisions of the Transitional Grandfathered Rules to the contrary.  








 INC. 2000 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN






		


TYSON FOODS
(AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE FEBRUARY 1
THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE TYSON FOODS
&#32;day of May
 2013
 by Tyson Foods
 Inc.


61A+6%D
S$M9#




M9CIA8F]U=#TB=75I9#IF868U8F1D-2UB83-D+3$Q9&$M860S
2UD
S-D-S4Q
M.#)F

2XP

3
M
3$M
354
3`Z-#
Z

O96QE
M;65N='
O



C(CX\


M;65T83X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@




M&!PJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*O_``!$(`@@W0,!(@`$0$#$0'_Q``?```!!0$!`0$!`0``````




MY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q``?`0`#`0$!`0$!`0$!`````````0(#!`4&


M\_3U]O?X^?K_V@`


M#B//^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9H\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_
M]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`
M&://^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.
M\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.(\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`

M`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9H\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'
MW7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_
M`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_


MX'W7_P`9H\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_
M`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_`$#O!_\`
MX'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.


MH\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P
M?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9
MKMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.(\_XI_\`


M0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_Q
MFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\
M_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.(\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@


M?=?_`!FNWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XC
MS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.
M\'_^!]U_\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.(\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FC


MWHH`XCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`
M[P?_`.!]U_\`&://^*?_`$#O!_\`X'W7_P`9KMZ*`.(\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_
M\9H\_P*?_0.\'_^!]U_\9KMZ*`.(\_XI_\`0.\'_P#@?=?_`!FCS_BG_P!`


M`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFCS_`(I_]`[P?_X'W7_QFNWHH`XCS_BG_P!`[P?_`.!]

).I=5.1Y?IWKL*XCP[




M(_'

M%#`@_BVA#NR2`!D=_0T+5)KJ#T=F:E%%%`!1110`45R
_CZ*Z\77'AGPQ8G5
M]2LTWWCF416]KGHKR88[CZ*IK3M]=O?^$@@TC4='DMY)H'F%U%

M!MWS`X*CCUH6NH;&W1110`4444`%%!SCCK7'^!/';^
[WQ!:S:8M@^BW[63%



_@^+


M3_6
[%VDXQ\S

MI*_I^%]/F#U5O7\?\CRB'1[+4/VB_'%O=0Y@;1HW:)6*JY*)RP&
^O/?FN(


M#.*4/=27:WX2O^6@Y6;?]?9M^9Q'C2QMKW]H[P

@-P2.2.
MV/3BJWA.[DTO5OBEH2:O+I.@Z:=]M=C+C3RZMNV`^G4*/3BM[Q9X,U35/C-X
M5U.#1Y;K0],M)(;BX-S&I8


JR^#-G\7Q^*);20ZQ%%Y*7/VJ483GY=F[;CD]JE
MLOFC:?=6]Q:V9#VJLMN'F=U@!&#L5F(4D=2`,U*OI?S_%MC:6J7E^2/!?[

'8

MD\U\D[L.Q`/)Z8J]JFBZ?K4




M6--@NX)Y(7*^A*




MO\P]1R#_`







V'B&#7;/33#J4%O]F2=+B4'R_0C=ANO4@G\JBMOAOX4M
M+/5[6+2RT&M.9-0CEN995G8G.XAF.#GN
4-:679K[Y7.C5^Z?W*QYGH5]-!
M\=?L=FIM;34M`+S(N$-W@-MEE1?E#G`.
G`[]JG^%N@:/)\7/B*\NDV+O9W
M\8MF:W0F$










M\

MD/YFM2/X?^%X;/5K6WTF.WAUC/VY()'C\W(P1\K#:#Z+BM/0MT[PUHT&DZ+
M`UO96XVQ1-*\FP9S@%R3C\:%M\H_@F)[_-_C;_(\;\0KJ#?M86HT:6WBO?[



MC-6;KPIHE[XBAUZXT^-M3AC\I;D




OE6MI$TTK^BJ
M
=[:VEEPQXB!V*<?-EN?[@]:F3:6A4;7U.
MNM;F&]LX;JUD$D
O;%3
M:3=MK7^6G^9



M(6%L3G(&&(F(7J*Z?1M;;5IKV&72[[39K.0(T=X(_G!&0RE'8%?QZ@UY/\7/


]0HK@=1NM3U[P9K/B+P+=S27=[9HFF*UPQC.!D

@







M](DEFMX+EA&S`N




M\?-V/=/#NNVWB;PY8ZU8)+';7T*S1I


D@

Q[]Q&&\MV*\J

9^51D\#US7F'@KP)J'Q&^`?AC


8SFO/M!^




E++%
]O-&PP
M\
J'#(P[$'_ZU8GCKXC:=\/UL&U?3M1N4OY_(A:S6)AO[`[G4BN/^'G_P#
M2?$/.?L_]OR;/3=EMWZ;:I?M)?\`(.\(_P#8:3^5'\OGR_C;_





M$!?S`$E22'`?#CT5L@=@*2UER^HWI%OT/1?!_CC3_&G]J#3;:\MFTN\:SN%N

MM7HVK^.=3DU[X?:/^^\O7;0W5Z;9Q')




]Y(Z0W*]8T4M@%NW^\`*-;I=_P#*_P#7

MXW_M+3O$T'FNRRS




M]5]1N-6A6WO);H)F2)00$PJJ

M6SFD\YL@84HA!.2.

[/=78T6-H]
BN75EM`


%F]E!).ZEH8G^\%*J





=O`D


KY+DEL

M';#1;RR:WMM-'^A/:2&.2WXQ\IY]!USSS5?5OA%X:U_0XM.UZ34M3:``07EW


MVX'&!VQ5CP9X1M/!'AJ#0M


5HI%YSD

MC*LCQ\8SD*

G'H
C\Q4=_?P:9837E
MX76%\C)$TA@9)VJ3^`I72U'J]#!U'P!HFIW.HO

9ST`

MW



MQT92
@_E5:@9TOA^.2.RB2^O(X;63S6B#(XN&YYD+J6;DYX(Y`]*Y6R^$FBZ

M.GZ1)*\GV6

^U5K3P-I=AXTO_$UE+=P7FHHBW4:2_NI2


PCN8MH`!W*H'8=NU=C12V





YW;



@(P6W(




NWKB(/^2^WW_8LVW_I5/7;T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5XG\<':/XD_#5TB:5EU0D1H0WSQ<#)
M`_
BO;*X/QS\.;KQEXJ\/:Q'K45B-N/M$4)LC+YK;E.WF+@?+Z=Z(Z3B^S



*/RUE?U]J\@_9SGEUF7Q?K^K
9=7N=2
M\N9W^\J@9^P!)&/;VKV^N1MO`46B^*+_7/MX-


N

ML0QSD




_P#P'^I-
MXW\4^(=/^*'@C2M%U
6MGK0E%S!);QR*=J@@Y(W#KV8=!53P]\2M7M-)^(4F



\0VRVFEZKJ]BWV







8'UKTG_A);G2?&=C\/;&ZN(TTW0UFEO(K8SS3.
(@QM8`=
MR2/09%;WPS\#3?#SPDF@OJB:E%'*\B2BU


XK37=;???\3!N/
MB-KEK;^#=+UFPDTK6==GDCO




MDNT@.#GG@``9QCC)\_\`CC=3WGQ)\`^'KMF&C7=\LEPA^[



BM=562.6VE$

MUOW
'_$.NQO8R


6R6N^.+RHXHE_A52S')/)))
M_EKMZ_EI^.H/R_K77\#R`_$OQC_`

_MXF&N
-6BUDVOG_98
-%N`VE=FW\



5O.K3
M!0`&VG&5).`2



M&W_7EI?\KB@`@_Y+[??]BS;?^E4]=O7$0?\`)?;[_L6;;_TJGKMZ`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`


((]&U=(%N;BP%]T`(`7<%=#DG)4LOS<9ST&*JSO;^NO^3)NK7_KI_FCH



*P$D%=P9W
M.0

MVVU2;R]V
[=P.


MT0;=VT#.



MPVG_`#ZP_P#?L4?8;3_GUA_[]BIZ*`(/L-I_SZP_]^Q4#V-I_:$/^BP_ZI_^
M68]4J]4#_P#(1A_ZY2?S2@`^PVG_`#ZP_P#?L4?8;3_GUA_[]BIZ*`(/L-I_
MSZP_]^Q1]AM/^?6'_OV*GHH`@^PVG_/K#_W[%'V&T_Y]8?\`OV*GHH`@^PVG



M#[#:?\^L/_?L4?8;3_GUA_[]BIZ*`(/L-I_SZP_]^Q4%Q8VGGVO^BP_ZT_\`
M+
?W&J]4%Q_K[7_KJ?\`T!J`#[#:?\^L/_?L4?8;3_GUA_[]BIZ*`(/L-I_S





M;&Z'L?0T:;XHT;5]1EL-/ODENHEWF

M.J7=A:3S--9AC
[VDJ1``X.)64(V#Z

A*MG:P#`

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@W_U]U_UU'_HU/4%O\`Z^Z_ZZC_`-`6IZ`

MEL[6:WMH+:3=((S@R2
%Y4?(H'^+`5WHC19&=44.P`9@.3CID_C3J`/*KC17
MF\






M`(FC[/+_`




M_G\F_)/_`(FBW_U]U_UU'_HU/0!!]GE_P?R;\D_P#B:/L\O_/Y-^2?_$U/

M?DG_`



_DWY)_\31]GE_Y_)OR3_XFIZ*`(/L\O_/Y
M-^2?_$T?9Y?^?R;\D_\`B:GHH`@^SR_\_DWY)_\`$T?9Y?\`G\F_)/\`XFIZ
M*`(/L\O_`#^3?DG_`


M^@-0`?9Y?^?R;\D_^)H^SR_\_DWY)_\`$U/10!!]GE_Y_)OR3_XFC[/+_P`_
MDWY)_P#$U/10!!]GE_Y_)OR3_P)H^SR_P#/Y-^2?_$U/10!!]GE_P?R;\D
M_P#B:/L\O_/Y-^2?_$U/10!!]GE_Y_)OR3_XFC[/+_S^3?DG_P`34]4=2U6#
M3(T\P-+/*=L-O$
O*?8?S/05




MNWKB(/\`DOM]_P!BS;?^E4]=O0`4444`%%('4L5#`LN


LZD8Q]G




M_$UQ_B+_`)+)X)_Z\M4_E;UV]`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\31ON_P#GA#_W^/\`\34]

/^J;_`);'
MT/\`LU/ON_\`GA#_`-_C_P#$T7W_`#KG_KDW\C4]`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\31ON
M_P#GA#_W^/\`\34]%`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\31ON_P#GA#_W^/\`\34]%`$&^[_Y
MX0_]_C_\31ON_P#GA#_W^/\`\34]%`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\31ON_P#GA#_W^/\`
M\34]%`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\31ON_P#GA#_W^/\`\34]%`$&^[_YX0_]_C_\34#O
M=_VA#^YA_P!4_P#RV/JG^S5ZH'_Y




MYX0_]_C_`/$U/10!1MWN_/NOW
/^M'_+8_W%_P!FI]]W_P`\(?\`O\?_`(FB

M?=_\\(?^_P`?_B:GHH`HV[W?GW7[F'_6C_EL?[B_[-3[[O\`YX0_]_C_`/$T
M6_\`K[K_`*ZC_P!`6IZ`(-]W_P`\(?\`O\?_`(FC?=_\\(?^_P`?_B:GHH`@

M1A_ZY2?S2IZ@?_D(P_\`7*3^:4`3T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!
M!;_Z^Z_ZZC_T!:GJW_U]U_UU'_HU/0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`$
M%]_R#KG_`*Y-_(U/4%]_R#KG_KDW\C4]`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%07'^OM?^NI_]`:IZ@N/]?:_]=3_`.@-0!/1110`445B76H7&IW4FG:))L$9
MVW5Z.1%ZHGJ_Z#ZUG4J*FM=WLNYK3I.H]-EN^B'W^I3W5TVEZ*1]I'$]R1E+





M:]?*
)O$=G=RK/%8RPBW1
M(PI`:(

')-6'\+#4[6=/$US'J




XSSCH:TJ*0

XR*]$^V1?W9O



M'_PH^V1?W9O^_#_X5/10!!]LB_NS?]^'_P`*/MD7]V;_`+\/_A4]%`$'VR+^
M[-_WX?\`PH^V1?W9O^_#_P%3UG:WKEGH%A]JOF.=J(G+.?0HG.-.+G-V2
M+ITY5)*$%=L?;WD?GW7RS?ZT?\L'_N+[5/\`;(O[LW_?A_\`N/TOXC:;/J#
M17



?J!67UJA_.OO-OJF(_D?W&E]LB_NS?]^'_P`*
M/MD7]V;_`+\/_A6;_;]P_P#J-!U-O=T1/YM1_:^K-_J_#MQ@]]S$OYC=1]9
MI]+_`'/_`#ZK4ZV7_;R7ZFE]LB_NS?]^'_PH^V1?W9O^_#_`.%9O]HZZ?NZ

T
MOMD7]V;_`+\/_A1]LB_NS?\`?A_\*S?^*G_ZA/\`Y%H_XJ?_`*A/_D6CV_\`

M7]V;_OP_^%4;;Q/HUTVQ=0ACD[QS'RV!]
-CFM1'61`T;!E/0@Y!K6%2%17@

@^V1?W9O^_#

M#&15Z











MZ^ED_P!#T:\D2[L9[=9;RV


/
S

MNZ;37I^!']LB_NS?]^'_`

G]VUB,K?
M]]/Q^0K'ZQ%_`G+T7ZNR_$W^K2C_`!&H^KU^Y7?X&VS!5+,0H`R23TK)G\4Z
M/!*8EO!<2C_EG;*96_\`'0:C7PI82,'U&2ZU)QT-W.6`^BC_I6O!;06L0BM


+7C

7;*@;`R`

MG:-6DB#[Q&Q'*[N

M#5@S:?'*P[S
TG_H1-7H=+T^WQY%C;18Z;(5'\A5JBO:C0I0^&*7R/`EB*T_
MBDW\V`````P!T`HJM)J5C$P$MY;H6X`:51G]:FFFCMX))IW6.*-2[NQP%`&2
M36MT9N





LQ-;VKW[F58_)@D0-ENGWF`]..IR*%.+5T$L/



MR#GTQ7R[XSV1^
[N_7Q#:WL.I(+HP6-\TUM$SG)`W8YR
XQQN[=*TOAGJ&F6


7=T





M_P#DQUEQKVKVT)
GAJY=QT$




#

MK;E&2

ZUX/T_4_%6CZO+N1K:202P*




1F2?
D

MXA)K-OILNCR$)_:3K*OD7J['!`56.YMVPAB`0!@GL;T6A7FHZIXRMK^SFM;/


[?*3\OR*!GD\Y`K33F\M?UM^A.O+Y_\`#?\`

[=P.

?F;&.2`
5X4:N=?

M


MKUN:O:_*OO?_`
B?+*GAG_R\:_[=_P`FSM:*X6Z^'-WY

M4:
DVJGWI_\`!/1**\[U+PUXZL[2V_L;5=




J&V+N.68*./JPKSF?X
MFZDU\)H+.U6-055'#
V1U((YX]*X?Q5XOU[2+BXT_Q!H=S%#!.8[B\69&A

]2/3%)%/%/`LT
BR1
2?#^]NO$&HW=OH.F:3?P6=W;B


M_.1D&/:


3XDO/];=V6G)Z01F9Q^+8'Z5

.GPS%XGC`BPW8QODY_BZ&J6N_#KXA7&K0'2



B^7%=ZK'$6D


MF^;_`$





MUW:26\
=_+\TL$?E1#W^4X([ULWWPI\`:3H;OJR30:?;V?V222?4)558C/YP
SMV4]08E(/Z54Y4')<D6EUNTW\O=
M7Y

M_#;PU:QWVK:?96
S6Q26ZN7^9`I$(RS=ER
=QUS78II&FQMNCT^U1O58%!

M?NEJ\3Q0


)F

MV*/L-I_SZP_]^Q0!/14'V&T_Y]8?^_8H^PVG_/K#_P!^Q0!/4%Q_K[7_`*ZG
M_P!`:C[#:?\`/K#_`-^Q4%Q8VGGVO^BP_PM/_+,?W&H`O45!]AM/^?6'_OV
M*/L-I_SZP_\`?L4`3T5!]AM/^?6'_OV*/L-I_P`^L/\`W[%`$]%0?8;3_GUA
M_P_8H^PVG_/K#_W[%`$]%0?8;3_`)]8?^_8H^PVG_/K#_W[%`$]%0?8;3_G
MUA_[]BC[#:?\^L/_`'[%`$]%0?8;3_GUA_[]BC[#:?\`/K#_`-^Q0`6_^ONO


M5Q0`0?\`)?;[_L6;;_TJGKMZXB#_`)+[??\`8LVW_I5/7;T`%%%%`!1110`4








9IK

9G


M5YO#.NZ=X#U.YU+1KS2)1%%)=-.L
_14CD8D_


_[2A6R.HW#/6J2V7]=?\`+\1/3;^MO\_P.VHHK-U?



ME_Y_)OR3_P)H`GHJ#[/+_S^3?DG_P`31]GE_P?R;\D_P#B:`)Z*@^SR_\`


M]:.R?W%_V:G^SR_\_DWY)_\`$T`3T5!]GE_Y_)OR3_XFC[/+_P`_DWY)_P#$
MT`3T5!]GE_Y_)OR3_P)H^SR_P#/Y-^2?_$T`3T5!]GE_P?R;\D_P#B:/L\

M_B:/L\O_`#^3?DG_`

M`)_)OR3_`.)H`GJX_U]K_UU/_H#4?9Y?^?R;\D_^)JXMY//M?]+F_UI[)_


MF_)/_B:/L\O_`#^3?DG_`

_DWY)_\30!




M




MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*@N/\`7VO_`%U/_H#5/4%Q_K[7_KJ?_0&H
M`GHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@"W_P!?=?\`74?^@+4]06_^ONO^
MNH_]`6IZ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KB/#O_)9/&W_7EI?\KBNWKB/#O_)9
M/&W_`%Y:7_*XH`(/^2^WW_8LVW_I5/7;UQ$'_)?;[_L6;;_TJGKMZ`BBB@`



4?\)%\0_P#H0-/_`/B'_QB
M@#MZ*XC_`(2+XA_]!I__A1#_P,4?\`1?$/_H0-/\`_B'_P`8H`[^_Y!


M&*`.WHKB/^$B^(?_`$(&G_\`A1#_`.
4?\)%\0_^A`T__P`*(?\`QB@#MZ*X
MC_A(OB'_`-!I_\`X40_^,4?\)%\0_\`H0-/_P#B'_QB@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_T

MWHKB/^$B^(?_`$(&G_\`A1#_`.
4?\)%\0_^A`T__P`*(?\`QB@#MZ*XC_A(
MOB'_`-!I_\`X40_^,4?\)%\0_\`H0-/_P#B'_QB@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_T(&G_
M`/A1#_XQ1_PD7Q#_`.A`T_\`\*(?_&*`.WHKB/\`A(OB'_T(&G_^%$/_`(Q1
M_P`)%\0_^A`T_P#\*(?_`!B@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_P!!I__`(40_P#C%'_1?$/




MS$#R.3@'BK__``D7Q#_Z$#3_`/PHA_\`&*`.WHKB/^$B^(?_`$(&G_\`A1#_
M`.
4?\)%\0_^A`T__P`*(?\`QB@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_`-!I_\`X40_^,4?\)%\
M0_\`H0-/_P#B'_QB@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_T(&G_`/A1#_XQ1_PD7Q#_`.A`T_\`
M\*(?_&*`.WHKB/\`A(OB'_T(&G_^%$/_`(Q1_P`)%\0_^A`T_P#\*(?_`!B@




MWHKB/^$B^(?_`$(&G_\`A1#_`.
4?\)%\0_^A`T__P`*(?\`QB@#MZ*XC_A(
MOB'_`-!I_\`X40_^,4?\)%\0_\`H0-/_P#B'_QB@#MZ*XC_A(OB'_T(&G_
M`/A1#_XQ1_PD7Q#_`.A`T_\`\*(?_&*`.PM_]?=?]=1_Z`M3UYSIWC#QW=WV
MJPV_@.Q:2SNUAG!\0`!7

M/^$B^(?_`$(&G_\`A1#_`.
4?\)%\0_^A`T__P`*(?\`QB@#MZ*YC1=9\87F
MJ1PZYX2M-

IQP-GE+G)XZ\5T]`!1110`5Q'AW_DLGC;_KRTO^



[6



YGRV$-I<1#'J=TJ_K6S10`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!C:'IEQ8:QXCN+@*(]0U)+F##9)06E

M'AW_`)+)XV_Z\M+_`)7%`!!_R7V^_PQ9MO_`$JGKMZXB#_DOM]_V+-M_PE
M4]=O0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7*ZUXINK75]4L+!;9)-+T];]Q=`

M_$]S+K.DM!IO]J60A


Y'2KU
MGH5Q%I=E:W

MI8N(S)G.




S2!1%Y9W`
MH`







JR$A20
\D



8I2L1B8;BH(!5CSMX..M6]

U]
J$X\]P$7&1T6


6[-YUL44L#(3\K`@8R
8)`YSFC7_



M9``0VY`!R1@C//2DKV_KR_X)6EUZ?J_TL;PU*6YU#R;`1O&MH)V9\CYG/[L9

M4]/X:;WL2MM2TVM:A!XPTS1KB*W
=U837$DJ%MPDC
8(`[#]X?7I4BZS=?\`




T*\L81&-4@^TNDG)C

..``*Z*FPBBBD


M$0C


M34$5OXS?Q4UU=66A?8A)LBE%[
\L
&1G$?DA2[8Y.[T].:ZK^OZZAT8S2O&5

`9W\$X-6=?\`$E]IOAK6=6L8

M@V_=!9!U/^K&`.U_Q#X=O+WX?7&@Z68'N98!%YES(R*6ZLQ*JQR3D].]+H#W
MT)/%^M7VAZ#)J-G-IENL


MKB(/^2^WW_8LVW_I5/7;T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`44UPYC81E5?'READ`^XR


MRX+?+P&.

*#.
M?-V^9N*&/Y@V[VZUT\^OV&GSQ6NHWB+.SI$SK$PC$C?=4MR$+9&`S9.1US0(





D]?2NHH6
MJN#T=@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N(\._\`)9/&W_7EI?\`*XKM

30HK*Z6R2XBN;RXBN;:]ECEMVEF,B,CB,$X!(9
-QUK6TSPYKVDZU=M
M!?V=Q8Z@\4]S)-&1-'*L:(Q11\I#!`1G&T^O2NNHIK0'J



ME6:W%A+8Z7JTE]%
[/YTB/YOR
NW&X&7KGG'05WM%%'2P;N_]?UJ%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5Q'AW_DLGC;_KRTO^5Q7;UQ'AW_DLGC;_`*\M

M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
NWKB(/^2^WW_8LVW_I
M5/7;T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`457GO[.U<)=7<$+$9R2!2?SJ='



M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`44C
JXW
!DX&3U-+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

M-O\`KRTO^5Q7;UQ'AW_DLGC;_KRTO^5Q0`0?\E]OO^Q9MO\`TJGKMZXB#_DO

9'O7GL&@++\1M2T8:MKBVT.CV\L7_$YN

PP`F[.6/

UC
M4M16]NIY=19&E2;9M4HH4;=J@]!W)H`X6
7%SXS\56

M2S$D2;CCS01@L6X4BNDNO&L5C;W5T+5I]-TZ\6QNKKS?G5\JI8)CE07`)R#P
ZNY-TXM[
MVX6YN;

/)EE4J0Y&

M:4^H_P!G?:A+\RR^9Y62F/N;_ESG/?&*R[WQ-=ZIK/A6\TQ9(M*N]2FA\Q+D

M68(\;%58L%(PRJ'&?F!ZX!QS4U'P':ZHVK&YU74LZM9QV5QL
(PB;L%?W?!^
M=L_6K

'@'79!
M%)
1I\XV1@%CE,\D=,Y^@K=JCK=@VJZ!J&GQN(WN[62!789EE*Y_6NR-6E

HQQC


*?E[U


].M7S\
-$;28]
EN=1DLK:7SK









TED[RV%/#23J0_Q


=*\D




MK&UN9IO#=Z1%]G

@W[?
(!4'E
GO!K<%Y/=7D&M3^?<13


\7VUQI+:SXAL[R*&5=12
M.Q&YD+$QLI!^3:





MK#0K87VGQV2RQQ`B*7RPR8*Y(.YN3\PQUXHU37?$D6D^-=1MM;5%T261+6(6


M+P_N0=R*!RW'!)&#BCMZ7*/4:*X!/$&L2Z_-9V.H6$*Z9?QVDMG=SXDFA*K\

$J`GE@@J5(8


MCS9R)$'#)\OW0QV$/N.2.:)-13?;_@_Y
(ZV7?\`X'^9Z+17E=WXTU9-+%Q:
MZS&\_P#PB9U
H8XF`N%G=@`'G)XSCVKIM!U'6E\7?V=J-ZFHVEQIB7JR+`L
M9MW+;=GR]5;DC.3\IY-.VMO7\+_Y,GFTO_73_-'74444B@HHHH`****`BBB

M@_Y+[??]BS;?^E4]=O7$0?\`)?;[_L6;;_TJGKMZ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB




X&?YFKU%&P;A111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

M_DLGC;_KRTO^5Q0`0?\`)?;[_L6;;_TJGKMZXB#_`)+[??\`8LVW_I5/7;T`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5Q'AW


]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_

]0_\

M]$SU#_P;67_QRC_A+_&?_1
]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_`(2_QG_T3/4/_!M9?_'*



M_1
]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_`(2_QG_T3/4/_!M9?_'*/^$O\9_]$SU#_P`&UE_\


]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_

]0_\

M]$SU#_P;67_QRC_A+_&?_1
]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_`(2_QG_T3/4/_!M9?_'*



M_1
]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_`(2_QG_T3/4/_!M9?_'*/^$O\9_]$SU#_P`&UE_\


]0_\`!M9?_'***`#_

]0_\


`
end








begin 644 tyson_logoa01.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`!D`*`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@!**

0M(T0
IF$DW:-.2:&TMRZ=.=1\L%=G8$\5!+=V\(S)
M





V6!H]*;_$MCXIW0Y?P


3U!]
5);:[I=W


MLA=/Q'_UZLIJGCKP[AKRU@URS'5[?Y90/7'?\J].GBJ=39G'+`I_PYI^3T?^

I[EO
7GZUZ-XY\;?\(C#IIBTN
\I1H6HT(7OYV;L<CJ/C72M.B3[
?M;L



]:;118+(FBNIX(Y(XI7
M1)1APIQN%7]



MZM!*NILUP-N8RHP2?2NZ\
^.;?6R\:JT4L?)1SV]:\.IR2R1$E'9=PP=IQD5


M.S\0.U_H[L%AU%1\T?LX_P`_C7GWA'QF=$66*]DFEA.#&!\Q![UZSI^KZ=XB




M$SE_+!R`3UJOFNG#4E2IJ




M&U;Q8VB?V_8B

8_)N!ZNORG\^OX

MU+\6O$$=]XHMM

MN1]11RH53



MQ53X

%

M?$=C:LQ


11A5I



MSG-3^!=72ZTW[



[A$4LQX`49)KJ?%6B6L%M+JL#2+(\B^9&
;

M$U@:5J

@4E1\S=Z8?C3XF_ALM)`
_TB
MX`].B@_CD_@*$_=)Q^!Y\PC&.TM_U/)YYYM0OWN)VW37,NYSZLS<_P`Z])\3
M7&N?#*_MK70;RZ.DO$&72B6
/DY4''R]N`1UKS!':*1)$QN1@RY]17IEI\:
MM1%OY6I:+:71_O1R&
?D0W\ZF+5CT\PP]5SAR0YHK='??#KQ9J/BS2+BYU&S


)$M)4M]RG()&
MYF_(DC\*ZSXO@GP))@=+B//MS7E'A?Q]J7A.PEM+*SLYO
F
QDN`Q8$@#'!'


M;N




BW-O+`SKN42H5)'T-




M$N5HG+Z%.E)U)U.:3TNRK1WIQ1UA29D812$JDA'RL1V!H*L(Q(4;RRVW?CC/
MIGUJN9=SU_:1[C:*7!\LOM)0$`MC@$]

MBMV



M2K+^5.


^_
MWR:TCD]-:R;9G+
Z2^&+?S'W_P`28E!%ON[L6;=^@_QKG9_$.NZZQBA65D;
MMC_D*]5T7X'01%6NCFO1='\`Z/I*KLMT+#U%=M+!4*6L8G-4S.K+X$HGA?A

^M/\/6ZB.)?,`ZXKI(8(X%QH%`]*DKKM8\^4Y3

M36ZVJ?E49\.:4?\`ET3\J**`%7P[I8_Y=4_*IH]%T]
;;9!^%%%`%E+&VC^[

`
end











    
  
      

In Billions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]
        


Shares Under Option - Outstanding
 September 29
 2012

067
360


        

778
028)


        

144)


        

799
980


Shares Under Option - Outstanding
 September 28
 2013

912
168


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Outstanding
 September 29
 2012
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Outstanding
 September 28
 2013
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) - Outstanding
 September 28
 2013
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Outstanding
 September 28
 2013
        


Shares Under Option - Exercisable
 September 28
 2013

423
287


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Exercisable at September 28
 2013
        


Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) - Exercisable
 September 28
 2013
        


Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Exercisable
 September 28
 2013
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Derivative Financial Instruments (Pretax Impact Of Fair Value Hedge Derivative Instruments On The Consolidated Statements of Income) (Details) (Fair Value Hedging [Member]
 Cost of Sales [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Derivative Financial Instruments (Pretax Impact Of Undesignated Derivative Instruments On The Consolidated Statements Of Income) (Details) (Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified








          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During fiscal 2013
 the domestic production deduction and estimated general business credits decreased tax expense by 
During fiscal 2012
 foreign valuation allowances increased tax expense by 
During fiscal 2011
 the domestic production deduction and estimated general business credits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Property
We record deferred tax amounts in Other current assets
 Other Assets
September&#160;28
 2013
 our gross state tax net operating loss carryforwards approximated 
 of which 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. These earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. If those earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
 we would be subject to federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits)
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
October&#160;1
The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 if recognized
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 before tax benefits
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
 we are subject to income tax examinations for U.S. federal income taxes for fiscal years 2004 through 2012. We are also subject to income tax examinations by major state and foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years 2003 through 2012 and 2002 through 2012
 respectively. We estimate that during the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      






















Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Increase (Decrease) in Authorized Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!-7MMFX@(``*Y```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=



FE)$(`STV4]N-NTWX\_SKJ@H#Z]38JGX:]2:\T38\/7G_;GU^
M

MHUNY0XWP9/U9;]5E[X(OU_[KVR1&]S8


MM:3(6E)DK2BR5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UHLA:462M*+)6%%EKBJPU1=::(FM-
MD;6FR%I39*TILM8466N*K#5%5BDHM$I!L54*JY24'25@L*K%!1?I:``*P5%
M6DHQ$J!
6$<
+D#P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+55,/U````3`(```L``)?<F5L<R\N<F5L<RB
M!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````
DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
M2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'VY\\_6][NYFE4'QQB+T[#NBA!L3-B





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````



M@^789':0S(Y-9@?)'-AD#I#
@4WF@
FLV*4EM:6(PN70S*1RDA!;3*2@N:P
MG9.@=S0[=33,',VFLH94MFPJ6TAERZ:RA53V;I[2&7/IK+'5!9V\HC`[!&9




M%#3(L`O+P
IR['['P7['L?L=A_L=MH0&+*'L-XT)KK9%L7.YG`@'/SUK-@_;


\
M6R8\E(G(!G.$9)YWL_T&]@@D
W_S#\ELV&0VD
R&75H&5I9CD]E!

F






HCO:7[VLF9X+QF)
%/175:9ZCGZD+79-SFF


MEC&7A?)`?!EET]EB!!8*L

WFH=:?S
MK2[

11=&80C0F$0

M

M;
+@CCQPL=)N
#\-+]KKG7-EF(AQ.B')VYMLPVH#74(+[4;)^M4F/%0HCY


YD!A<5*@CU&'AYX28VXG';=C)
CFC&S*$Y'*6C'8J<T
M8XPG'L9A/Y8A
=(3#^FP(4LE!AO5Z0PN[


QD

CR@249QH
M.*D1.E]P^K!G`*MR:[9;3LV
@48CI(.37'2'[DE[??

M?K072B];;Q*:


L!^A<9$0TZV0EU?/

M3A(;Y)+)1L

R'Q3\<EDYE`?HH_8HFM[^!!W\C!E5O)`9J7[
MNL(;AFA5%\F^U1*98I#5T.9E6C?Z9VCU9`]VK:</.'.P][LM[?@9P[B:B$$

6=X;4?I\5_BA:5$R8DE0_FO\\)7.3(J@;?R\`Y+R:CD`#V^PU)B




37=?TF;F8^;SS/C#\?W';^TY




MU+W^UC?[/YI+#=6&/JD./';=DX)^V2L3/!PY3S_H#OS9!_OZ4#Z?Q[^ZU]_K


M

*$PB#1!$J!I_'(A-ZE(5S^.$B$CO9+/Y5CN[OON-8#Q@)S#


D.@^:I@+*R[*R-
M.4)2S+[





)B*'HP[8UB8&&^2-7E7
M$0;2+XK:36!OVMS@S%[GA_)N).4ZM8-+]?$J4KB9F-@!4P&+
-5K;$VEU0







!1]G[3_8/F]&`@D3112-53=)FW2-.WCV3$&
MK&*


M_;R_NL;(6-I7M%




MB8L^DJ1'DAG(//K3*+W.DWS^?Q82%/E
[JBEF[56!P33`3'-0-VL)2M@=BED

F`U8'S=)-INOR2-4A1U!VP!:8#2TBFBO$3,LA%0
DH!Y(\

DW(CAK@6$OQQSR
XDA1







M;?R?K/&_;'_]97WE]5MS9JSUP$/5;/QSVUY60=!D9U:FS81?6`66(Z_+M(6O






M`**(I$.(Z@*1G@WD.&+3!16K-.A#VE(BVDB8AG/820@#*
2
B2S.9]!81U
MX\





#:,+8V)\G8-M2+1`Y!GBUIRV4C]KS


M?.!HBR^6C=[H



MY9.F9@FU#LQI]E0W.]46/V;

J)Z

[+*I[81=@IE#X
GFQ-F5`EU7\&
M1B'P

MM\+&*(STP(MU75






E.0K+ZMP%I


MC)T:..@^=/Y@-2
N42-.#ZG!`8.GQ4?R%?


MC)IM;]LX#
??'W#?(?#[-O%CFZ+I



?+PW(Y;`_-



&BU.

M$&5?]
U^$WV

M)ER_[
-A$:7&;WZW2.,FCQ7,SC)];<6^TV+X.8W?Z#YUB%0J#)I(



#


MRS0[9Y9R4LG=TU_EF&?F(!5L

H@XB!









9B/1Q5-4R@&QV^%#9FR&30W(A$Q3*D=H

9K`S+A



M*U.BO(**



MX+SONG'Z(-[3TN_//?T/``#__P



RF?+?0IL2%8

-L4`A^LC.WDG9VM





9

*BZ:!!

M4R3X]Z^GNSE&2M
FHY5H6(+?F

M59YH60
KN9`UU34A:]:R6AF-]65/PFJ5]3WF#'L)0?X1!YSE/V*-)#S1KM

3
%F?[3[R2;@AT09R^FATC_%




\(



Z



MCR3J+


NA_W_WS8

IR\W7<R



MM82W3WL2Q]'6?X*LE$9TMR`:%#Y@!A;XO\'2HQ8K'ISZ!=W9HG!0S%B1S4K'









M8F#:K#
I.+5/P/R.RI#,NE(IBSNQ^Z
MD\7
,9[,=C
U-K.#8@
+:(V&`N98*7T`9M1T%S&Y3<
M`%EZX:$8T:NC0[V^727N




%%


X$'U?:?\!\9Z`24







MW?J@S3H7DR$=`X+/#K3J;.E`'J80B
W#)!LEW?HP4#I#D(\$V]H;T!2;*01B
M`^7:BTV;('6*8Y*L%@
2!I/HFID1+#Q@H:TG9#L9M:U.L6V(P!+KWQO00AM?
MA%AX0$*;)V0;BKGG][`FE-3A

MC.'(^F?J$`D_:(@5
CUT7DDQ!4C`

M0I

'FWIF_0
Q+9O
`$UW-SB(&;F]0F
]$:#
M:NICD+@#EMKJP?;5-+/VG90HL5


0GIL#VG
[Z'!4(%:[(RIR`X
7AF.HS
Z(
9
M
G9HO?PQ:O

+?)0J;
M;#@'\)ESV3ZH5;3[`[;['P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`31=_';8'```]








M9

W&8D2TP1#&6\5Z13KNA$9U_&9&&JIM!M*#UC
M+
%6E))D3(@N=;9RQ`N!M(K-^&DI%2O0JV^)+7)@.32ZV4(%P/I5;DZVM'0
ME^HJKFNZIGT)'.B`:!&9#H,6F**/Y`[%`'+]@=0]LNK45:J.M&`&'%W(-H<

M?




H


MZ!48\[G27_99CR;=LQX
4^LQJ%\B'S`Q%S#6D5&S]#XA%IUCE/2`0.AD%Z%=
M'
M%9%:XOTP*2*TOTZ2A@'@#Y00EVH6!_07$\4+=


SYJ8R9HU

3^



D2+VAAT7[M`84_
M/CY.$B9.K&_P-`GJ1XJ;NT!A0+\^/DP2.TP88]2L.PL,4[@


*A?(9\Q


MT+OD*QPQ1B#W889\J

MEFUDSG9CA4$C/

MD

;52

$%``&``@````A`-.2%N1

MT'\0]!Y;U




MNK^RM#R





2)$
MB(5?;EQ8`K.)'L2;TDNBB8VP4C9IBN?*;1#A6]B(A#CA#D@VS8
80VXI8]@&

M$\PBERQN-=]DB6K+(W(4@H)\2R%^Q(*&Q6!U%QU2)*LI=+D(=%
8O@/@3B



J
$W1^STTA9ED




M9KE@(`['4;[/,I&F=$HB_0LA'N](-*Q6[*&RU;C(MTG5R@SPHRM2!X*!XHL
MB7LAF]6+:H+L4.]LHCT@5RA3-Z$43$/X5X()@V5ZJF
6)AG#ZH*Y24M'7D@
MW.L%DP8W!NGQ?!+R_.5(5$F$Z@,HBF%\F6B2!ZX%X+Y8I6;^#K4+5V1:?)X
MU*_WM]T\A'LAF*Q?[,03BN^H(GRA*]0CCP0[H5@TG[UBQWJEVY)-\@52JH?

%$L6U


M#CU1=@A9QLCVR)-9B2KF(=P+0:13K&*T+@;S;!M3*$^E%O
0[H5@TEC.Q@BG

M:[1;*+.Y+(NPG



&ULC)9=;YLP%(;O)^T_(-\7
$?1%5

!`TBXW2;!?WL?GPW96MR]%[CUSI84L




^9@?7K@ZATZU9DU]@53#T=JYM
%A58;$0NS&MM2KPB





T-T?I_4_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`5GME(WH$```[
M$0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X.YX;6R4F-^/HD@0@-\ON?^!

M=OWEHRJM=]ZTA:@W-G







M442WT(0P\*`#?WJ



:*6N*3PL*9390QS&
?]6A@0G1E64P

?


609RPU1


0AC(2+Q=F
MTW+UX!'M`47VE=2(:-YPNIQXCS;GOGFRS]'ZIZB@W^?F=&*HUL=)Q+EL1-`7


M2GZ`6STGA



?@]1.)\;-1`$?WO0BB*2
01A

0



MF5`#[37J=$[3+:+.&.6KO#^6JAO#H'[)T^INPXS0Z@Q=6L+H#%%4UP54]6%0
-6,,0AE!F@&C?B)B^:%GQ(@:
M93(&H4RHG_9,G#YJ::/S46GGALLF,8GJ9VE]MWN*:XL]$TL;G35*;1C11.50
MVM#SI/6I9YKOD]CIG<8IVO4Z$0Z!W4=:
K([:




EGT0LS8'B0!
JWPI2
M9*71ZNF4

M
BM9X%FSC$FP]7(*&T(L\7;-V=6O0618[53G570%BNOUQ$[0@D)E+H!P4O
M)L%:!8R^;%U_$:SM%_`X*D$[#5H@JP&9B'V%4#XKWK`U8(.R6AXXUI)7J5C
MIHK@SOSK@_Q3
2^C_!G)B2\`9G7$$

MWRC
V8\BPB&$H1-2?$.G&MT@6&TM`;*Z
%7L-@HDC[QNVZVHS/7G!JV@^X[
M#L(I:BDK-J+OU/M.17L*NSG7H$G1Q'A$
)P
C#T5CM3C8YF7(.&=(XBPB&$

F=3\8#=M1KYEJ2%.7:*?VM%*NHEV)0;-Y





6*OV=HL@FT&LX4
MP$?&9/6BVL.Z;=_^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`D\C^:+(#``#H#0``


5UUOVC`4?9^T_Q#EO20&
M$CX$5(6JVZ1-FJ9]/)M@P&H21[%;VG^_:]\`L1.9]H$2^^3Z^)[KX\OB_JW(

A
[7AZ6X9_?3W?3


MQ);G7+V;H&%09/-OAU+4=)O#OM_(F&;GV.:A$[[@62VDV*L!A(N0:'?/LV@6




M9GXX&$X3DJ2WHT3(R.SDD2JZ6M3B%$!YP)JRHKK8R!PBZRU



(FK38-<0CI/3@V9N)@;$[:`J_E

;)-U[8V@3=JY23HZ


ZA-SL^B)V=?K
E:)/@
D;O4VJ)%I%6;.3:'[


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`G


Y#T&'
S]ZS!YX.NU
&$:BT.Q4[[]TO9$M]XGJ'G4[0]XP]


B%?
M

H?@83@Z#321


C:?$F$(OC9BIY-13RKH%




IAZ$

M:BZ
@.*XL$`MDHA

MJG$Q`HM3Q






$%``&``@````A`'RO1.L_`P``T@D`



#2*YI-P
M
OV/*.

+EB


MYS:FX1AQ8=]-IL)#T

;PS'R;IS:IQ88!IT&

@=


TL?#
'7C-/+KC+W/#2DYLS.'.&I#;M'6HU?E7R[
MVZVK&:UFII2$'TA*BD)X.3M5\!8)X1!VJV:D;]1(UT.Y`V#0UOA`OF-^H)7P

]^





MYYC%B_^/$J`B4\F7K

-?A9HX8#RPI6



M\WXBB(K%0Q4:':EP\B1(0A5N'Z8QH@#&UNW#8/XU.E*PH)4F2$(%2T;!E(#]

M1S0P\-V)\LWR*+N3(+$L3.](2PG8/TFS4P.\-9^A99$SR$-GOA++PNR
.7!*



Z*R.H0WV!=LAG0;IGDQ[))LP21XZVYY8%M:Y&*4?^N2B/T$T/W7*SB8F
M+)*'C@\E;&B#*P=-*=JK(_FC:9,TRXY)<M<%$LO^OG2V9R4PO=
(IHV2K/L
#SH`KBR7[3^S)I342NO%$<(&<Z6X%8-WF[P


^):5^QC]_O4XFB%'

W*M'=ZO.GY8F+9WF@5#G`4
H8'92J%IXGLP
MB'1Y14OXLN.B







M46B6)[529JXU2#A

9S!O_M*2W34=A:98R8MIG



MZ%M.5BI@F@XXWPK87V9$(7FC#/GM#Y]U4^CX#/T[XQTIPNFFVUH&)/US3/

MY5HCBO-B^)5O9EON(+31_WS`,=*INK[P)XQ[GJ7O0`I^Z@NOH'``#__P
`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!TT^^:)`

M:&5E=#8U+GAM;)1676^;










MF*PD!5@2QG



BEL%*\#1RJDH`E..7ZGVAL4Q]Y*W


\!9]2/@&I%NGIP0*Y`TE:M1'


M=7=HKW2[_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`_3*#I^0``=#@``!D```!X







\Z


M*M]'


E0F


M3?'7.
0S4UTY



MU?X@

/`E

-N8_3/C4
MO@@



R6
8O);?FZ
ML]=V4%720P[J2MNJL^8+F(


RH


MC0Q








DV.^!P).!)R).)(S)&$(RE'
H[D@XAM

M;K8#4AWO3:&]


A1R*.Q!Q)

+5TR3OE`7_C'WQ:9M&R7PTC
M(0?]NFL







*1M$54V@)Y96:)W?)63;GJ53#]]9LZLQ.U=_HE+_TJ
MS:$XO13K8K\_C[;ECZ.

M9C81^+DL+\T?\L'3]GW!A_\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0T`KHH0
`
M`.`




1%110\BG
L&T')T4RJ



Q6L@
0BL@ZA?=:\
M^6`@!F6]/'!L(*]3H4==%:M']Q_V8XBG
ALCTH5+DO\'9-E#')VPHP.=QL8T


0

05[2^0^X.&]&#N@#EWC]V4!B\P[]O46U*N-N0

M@+:S(6?ZC8@SJV54TA-

MQ+GJ'G0/W+^;[/X%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#^:=][Z`(``*
(```9

!1^G[3_8/D]X9)`

(-J1))V#'^;.&/F7:!(N=


_):_L^LDP5$9Z%



9TWD0D8PA+)YRI*SJUU8YGX+[+






M:&5E='

55MOFS`4?I^T_V#YO5P#N2BD:E-UJ[1)T[3+
MLV

6`6

M?S@[J
$[4I4X?)$\_\9;!LF&


%HQY1^Y.8L


M(!=]C\2!:PFS.\U)

E
M\_\
ME

)8KU;'@BZIN(08J3`_D\D7/*B.V9WFY*PZ
)I!:TB.RGM?&F8+-F6U;55.Q;:-40JN^L;D#?1?V,
M=1LP-SM2LN]$EKQ5J&8%'`T\,Y2D';%VH4773Z^=T#`Q^]<*_H0,ID'@`;@0
M0I\69HB[?^OF'P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`&.<AGR`P``MPX``!D`

`G]Q8;7HLY7YKZ0KL^;E6M_EO*PA
MQ8$53/YHDR*OS#??SA5OLD

M?

MX




5XZ[^QGD'2C3H`7DCR$2D/4+IK/*2R8`/
MS`9ZH-B$7L]C9HLXD?S'Y(Y)#01Z1P1W9L0\@YD/4`
GN#H.SS5Z`[!7C$*






M`P!02P


M2BQ!ORAH(UJV*OT
787YZZ&Y2UG5`



(N3LB)!/5
U%

#Y0%KB@:K

M
M;
1V#&&IF%Y5H:P)@C;2+1#X\:4*`QI3


M.3

XLDUI






MN.Y('\EY#9'@$S5


Q;3T[
3@1(`D+T30UA3#F2&'()KZHQ@6!)\#
&&UQ/KO5@@8U[(O%'^:U[D'T/1V-+
MKT#-



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!T17B*TP0``
L3```9

-




MZZ6PI1]0-2&2;'H?
KB-0?3/3;0V_6!&J5Y#5:Z0$W20N0$3:_.Z1(B\:G
M

=K&)5#7#IBS#U
*6A+J

TA:
SD9*:V=*I

G1UJDPW!.[Y
M;&C]S$`CBNK+-W

C18PJW
M4HAHGVXKIN@&?OC0U[)L/OB8PJT4*IKN.)T/^N.=9NR#+0GO:;


M;8`35

M63]U._!W8YSH.;T5[3_L_@?-+]<6MCL0)ADK87X-LI<Y`!(3U^[WWM^:J^Q
1%&*&,&Y
)]*.`
MQV9D&H#C












A5GO-H*J-




M$CYJ]%TYC:
KV+W/HA&^9S:/-BV
P6[\W!O::X:OO#&B5)O3O=0Q$YJML$@Z
MI9B;X`=JQ23TKA

61GZ%3H!6+&]0+/1F@
MJ8RM;%J/J*-L'ZJ3F3%T!.%Q0\?3\+(+TXF$J--[!%IE.]#:6WC8^\F7]P4
M!K!7&5`G0!C2(FXGPV&T$[7Q%T?*'


M]Z!)F3V

IBYB-J%]+(I$TL1H`91'5

M0K(5,CV65TY^D6B:$6\$$4KPX-@HU1TDFFL(PXBBM82/4(4K8B+HI7!/K^
MP`I=9!0X'
9T(^Y8=XY$HRR+5H!%T0IHJFBMX@8R'$9U(ADZCA/G]]'#6N@!





M2Z@3+6E
!'7$BD3)ZDCQ%)4#=0)$96A%D[*(!8F2M0XMB)E




MT




3FL1)\Q$[M35Q:`*6


M

MB
KB_K&1_B'RH.


MZ@2(M&8A$+R%EQ?_`Y5UX8.)1F0)UH1+5JUI7/MTG*4G[M_=R(K'+XN:

N)+9M:D6D
M5/`RJ%$71YDZ=O+F(]XH=6M2)62EX&-?+B*)
7MQWS&N`P
2#;B.IU9)D3

Q
M-V_DCH/?E3-+.C0*N68RJ)$91YE


M1YE


MXV@AD5QD9



J\^SL=I:]V


`4$L#!!0`

M-YX;6R475V/V\AR?0^0_S#0^WA(D91(P^.+)9N;7`!@B`?S^.Q;`L[
QI(


__].G7;O_'


E^\_)TC.
_






E_29


L)5

HZ$P%J144


L.[!
M`\


DVA`H;9E\3AW*J:



;J$'#3@/6$

JXMI63C2#A&L0&6;844&#L

E542.


`F]6

M-9XUD\%?[V5T*5*-;?!+;?!JCXTY5-Q0VX
`878+'C@*\%1I8M2Q)*P83
UR



Q'.@KR

F81S
M$W




O(9


MI`[;PVOMX;@%U3.'=#0E?J8Z2+RJ8`T0&'=UW.SC\1D.
Q[:QW%OOY\.?5SP

\`^.NCIO=O+;=?&J&O(+L[YG#M0&C'`0*$L

.J5QLYW7MIU/
MS2`!%R3
(0GQ.02LC.S%TV


2Q0.29O#`

1I<BU=CVWFA[
M5QMMS&$[@9OP0:0HD&`<.0HP-
J50[;=O-&N[G::6



B`14?/'!HF;C\


##/LI-3-AKZR#7UJ
=YYFYI!!:Y*F$,JEDI$=M^TSEU
M'
-\K*
R^A2I!K;
MR%?:R-6V&W.X2-2C@)&`YS!LZLE[XA'ER(UVZ^TBZN-MV80QH:M34M8?4
MSPP[*FZV\95MXU.SG*XPOWOF\)2+JXU!P&4-*YDPPXX*6DO8B2MC89OX2INX
MVG1C#JGH\





]?Q^4.V\




M@J


M]

JUNJY/0&W
M^-*%




M;.
7I6XW%`C6W\94&.*Z*6W29Y*C)OIT

M54PYOZ;-&&E\?QIYOZDROCXMHXX.EP


M:-:XKQG?1'J^%W`?BQGJ+F2&&Y[Y-%9*@IP+:P)^FYN0H]8V\RO?S+(1Z#T8


40BPO
I)A1888?F0\
M#@B2:PU&7C3*^?2#V6DQ*07[M_'64LOV30%TC+&RG/[/-X'))&/[E!OS7Q
MNME_WPR;EY?#W?/NYUM
YCI^2C&WTF]]].7'?IE^=P':A_+C8+6'\F.PVL?X


M

!C
Y=GM5!*C;5=@







MYT'49

C4DOMAON6!I



DO;B*-KOC7DB2Z85]:

M^
UT)

MN$RVH=$F@NW,GE0RU]Z3DOGMM(]<9UUD8(J*0:2N((P(C&B
*(Q8C!B(])U

M
(QHCB
6(P8GND'U

8*^U@%)HQ?EQM6
ME2
-&:):$=\F5

M%$8T1@Q&;$1\760U-31:*#EJ0K9DUYMJ'

0\98S%DFWG0[_-Z/^G2+'GNEK


M$VIVS3@NH=-QPDB-$8$1B1&%$8T1@Q&+D08C;1&A*C);A`\G_6I35X5NY!J7

*(QHC!B


K&')2H6^Z<))9T/^`<3(";AI

MTI4-(S5&!$8D1A1&-$8

MU]5#!85.&*DQ(C`B
:(PHC%B

J]W)9$;Y;CSE0VU^:3LOGM
MK

Y;*

(QHCB
6(P8B/B-;O9\


*(QHC!B(U(D(Z/$!H:7W%O
%=\C`+;T9]V25NR<32[MZJJ@<M%AJG$5@1&)$



MTN4HKS['2(T1@1&)$841C1&#$1L1KQ_W+$O!=B9(*FX]8Z)TV^D%CJ_5//9
MJ9O$2(T1@1&)$841C1&#$1N1Z8HCX;SB2'BVXM;



MCSU3U`\[*3B+P(C$B


MT+X\B\I!I
99!$8D1A1&-$8
1FQ$9BIO:!


MC;
(C$B
*(QHC!B

M8
E6A:T#4U0/(C7.(C`B
:(PHC%B


M=?(D#E%O



MB

MD1IG$1B1&%$8T1@Q&+$8:3#2%A&J(;-=8NT%5RMO7R-V&:P#L89(NO93QBI
M,2(P(C&B,*(Q8C!B(^*+;\L,_89$*SX*;5EX',50W?S4?JK/#%/^5#?^F/YQ
M,]@!=D@4N
L`B
2(PHC&B


1&I-.

U1@1&)$841C1&#$9L1'S;5[ML

(Q(CB
:(P8B-

0.$]YC8W4K(%8CU3U`\;*3B+P(C$B
*(
MQHC!B(V(UX^555
*MC-!JISK#:?ZRJW?3BLN6R#6

*(QHC
M!B
V(C
5-[3)3



M$8D1A1&-$8
1VR/]

(QHCB


(Q(CB



L`B
2(PHC&B
&

2(PHC&B



2(PHC&B
&(C8@7+BNWT++A!UI8L)W9DY8:LU9B
M%QG
DE2R[!5B.VRH8*3&B
(Q(CB
:(P8B-2-?)



:(P8C-B(='7'Q_T-



(Q
MHCB


MZ7'LF6+1#5;`[$2]QED$1B1&%$8T1@Q&;$1FBFYHDZZJLKL\9.]J[N&1_8Q[
MTFVGU[A\F5@/%87#]@G.(C`B
:(PHC%B
&(CT@E7L6%_0\+9#XZV))PL[:+U
MQMR3KK-

(Q(CB
:(P8B-R&1G.32:
M#^:=)8G.=I;
1\FN=+F?DBT4VP]3_X)X$*EQ%H$1B1&%$8T1@Q$;D9G:&]K$
MA[

:(




M&-$8


M
:(PHC%B
&(C

2(PH
MC&B
&(Q8C#08:8L(U=!/Z=6J1S1#\=5^:KPGJH*&+(4T!JG$5@1&)$841C
MQ&#$1F2BLII2L)T)4LG\%']*LC#U3R7+7AEV&.R!V5[PA)$:(P(C$B
*(QHC
M!B





TW-@ILNQ$'7E.!UEY3ACPU2+


MY\!
EV


(^3#S)./L@X^2#C
MY(.
.$A(P3$C).
M2,@X(2'CA(2,$W)@.B$W?&&\&Z@28'U@^M=-1)@E[RJFA9DQ:R<KE]-%J95
M'4#G'=G*M`$JZMDG*C#U._*(=S#R'8QZ!Z/?P9AW
'9D)OO5V#(3T79N7R:C

1




M_
=]\.VOR\L?W6%_^7\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`&Q8L]O$#``!H



M0+@_0$%!B7IR%%'
3#*9S

MXNM'GFGON*(I*98Z





:4\]RD#W5M2.F+$QY75U+;I21_%\!H49*B-B-
MB`/=;



MO:&_X




M_4-`GYFO)`(EL542H9+8*8F]DH@$X8H32
JRPP\*!Y;#D=RWO
US'I:L=J4]

VQ+'RD@#7JG)/9*(E(2A\^(@;]P






M#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`)9AQD1

M:&5E='






M!2$61%@08T%R*5#J1FN?7A27BF5*P8)WV]!WO+NTOK/-H:L$IEUEV_166UUB

M+H+^274%UCF[(AF[AQC*)SG5T$O.B^*[.0\SI+






=!





MBI.K8J&VI
+*'(-U
M\_VV5[VSI,D0/UG20,`@O-^'?S=H`E@K@TU`4QFD2:`V3;6!!`A00'P%#F#

M2QJ]O0.WC^%ZW-8FA/
OY-QWADB7U2E1\UTC=&9&N!APPQZ%SH[BK'S-+WF&



#Q
MP!L!QR]8N#XE5=.%F


M

M^(T7PSM:]_\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!)MNK;10(``
T$```:````



MZUR_)

\5D

=MVXK


HK@.8H6H^*?M*=O


E-PS_QKK.(Z8

MC-
$Q+76[GSP&S]^B-9_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`N/ZMT+`$```C




M







%G1WKNUJH9X5V&G&(0


*
#OZZ93B2MZF1=
M+@8$E!04!+0I@\1MAH59D8'PGB*(FG1G*Z=M@'V8YD'[
;(K+@\(WXRXP.
M9+$LY$LN9

XD

`MX/PP)RE)$$O!&D1&FKH]H
\
\^CXO


R5\1!I6=B)M6'+@

M.%/1K;C!

MD6**0D6;5F!%=[4'.P3UL
_R


M
//;L/@TK*;X
<S(!^U


MG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC



54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8
MQ

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2
MVVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P
'%P@L%F#


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8
MG
O!Y+EJ

\9BD/M)Z
Q
O91&\\!)0

ML;X!P?O20%V=%U+)A/BJZ*SR/:=O8U+:5\IH@8A.

ME7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY#.:M(![H



M`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2B
MS:IG60'

MN-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C'&.^

$

M
BYX;6R46EV/FS@4?5]I_P/B?1*

4)
0`=-I




M09)8)^&2IH['BWB3LG3U/[(D.HO\=\PR1V$)T^EE$$57/#\U]7L@UY8DW-X*
MM5+9HTRHYZ\G





Q.M7&WP@RZN]W_$K*`
HT!=BRA)49AGM(2HW!L


=AVEL
M'0_!ET=K
TU
5'5S0W3H
_)0YS0:DZ%7(M
8()!$IE7H30(I(
Q3(Y36$86M

MIIF:]:Q5M-W@84W.4-ABX=6$87-1L0L55
W+

@88*.+:6D2Z
MQG8X79.=)O#5W.QT3$\U=$//$1'Z/:)).F[&!D]0M78DM(.TEPMTZ0
SNPQQ

$WL+W11QJ[/
RRQS0P[.P9[074WUN+!AOW6<A0M]I.@L6=-IH
MU(

?98D4J(DA\:^*8
MH;('P]`1587Q`\.*




[SA;T
MS9%`\7@1)5O[SQT+X-BD'(G!:&R)'0OH4\C_0+!.L;2SSD.$%X(E5I9C7&N4

MO%F0K`EVK4'6?A@?^%=TY6K
L'+CU%YXUN$#S@



\6N7S
M$.&%8
K8JD8YP:*0G*9E:#D!









M4=9#%'A.43Z2$)OE:!LJ+/%AQ]D]@+T%@D6/U4Y%6P@XK']8Q.0()*96[
^*
MKB?!6@6




-%JWB(:]1,\G;$BTN0.&
MFU5V<%*&TXW<RHUK/HLM=?-[
RJ5L9*TT.9YJ$E_$)*TC0BJ-FM@RL#@9G3

7\0CL1-.0

M*S3)!)J%Y0+(9\;D^*+:NZGM/OP+``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`A&]Z0

W&[$;




W3IUGO.AG%V68Z2<;\<IE.1_&
?TZOGF:3:1+WL^LDF8V&











&D]6_UBUM2_9=C

4RB61J=I)P$$B(UE&`
=T#U48KQH_H(Y[=9.JZ_

^BN#:=O=Q`B]+H=YS*0A-KJ/L`N=@6_I`
KJXEB?;0EV*D4Y.W-C9R
M



MV(?2F^HOHI


MCT@VQU+*G*$6SW&H`AO1,^_BD;.#'$/-


M*O?@W:+
RHW;!N?&'DT)+QW\XC3@C%B#37U4L`
%;&;4ZOPPW:Z4.]GC*1H#
MSB$D#
Z
[$D7O\Q/RIO4IE4USE
XC-GM3[

WEY&@_Z5]%+IR
K)YPW

-:$_10YW\&.^0ZVZB=U]Y`_QQBU9044

'4[!9#YO+9\Y6KX5%Z;I

9HYERT


M-IU.A
M]

`52X




[$!UW



MR`-`]EF`WL5G




M4(R=J-*RE&PB#6R=GQ/TULD$!NOBB@@)4UU


!J506'3*.$\Z!U[IPI)1TN!H


M$B[FTRS`R7M:S)7(



JA%_5_-TXM,ZK0!5A5P=FWZ`#+H5I_5*8[[,\WW(A,TL1.J\

M?

[P'E`-JB;
@J_VB`\E(J.UN/^&:TY?Y$
A'1$%S.\IS)]5TVWX*&Y37Z?)WU

M4\@12NIH5P#B@;I0F:%6\D.6K?(*L

&X&L
M)@'Z(8K^E`+MX$GUFKA1@DIS'T.?^.%3KH?9`?U[X%!H3/38`;08]G`P
MS68;@S%1(/M+I%8:&6\JWF@-FTX_U+\]SEF$%N&^;QNI_MU9DYEH@!M?[5?;

E
M\2K9*1J0Y


MRGF6R.`?#B[SA(6@V06O.HIMSY7?J$!HDP)]^NH
[YE5ZG#)U^#3(C'T6U3`






7#2:3&P&$'-RNX,0/G2S&\
MT'LM4`@OY?APSU@!2W#&:3&Q;3-XP\`V8P6.)^P

V9^TC:FUI





M2##LV*$KL



4L247SO**
MN00FH*


$@C:PH!SPIDZ;;2F[A3AI*O.F0]D


!0N)6K3AA:K1^



RE$TY#`-+6P&X/V'H2E)F
;JA+2*I7THR

M%H5D_!9_/)Q/:7VRJ+Q6=D6
PB&S^(

4$
MN\%KZ
J




H@0&RLAQV
I1@W$T8+/R
M6!&=X'#6$1^C]&H:3XB]A.#-.O84H7OY9
KA'&?`F3M=)21:5@@8M7@E#-
M'_HS%8.O#!'
A
EQ]Y+XX':V^S&7^^E,9=HP)@-BR$-_OJ`#YTN^[
&AS_
M^



M/$-G'W9NP
`E9K0
8>+$DY?(/
;RQ$
M'@Q5KS/F


MKU;E%F_;_\-A2^1!27^XT)6HQWE4`&KA+&


MT
C%%Z\K7_@\UGR]+6LEL@7\+#+0/01]D!@?6K59ZNL&=`X8*6H?+?VA`*
M0B'74BO*H;GC_'3/++QKM)(?1X!723?2
.SPV5;EK+I?W/E2QN4OH%VA=PB#
M6NZR!:I^==-Q/


]0THJ&2O*@T!:ETC:EI0\:(







XI*.I
@3%[I-X





MF5Y+.)CL`.(/[NHA!!XU
=H


@*
4.[MLA5KGFE5?6Z%
M_BXSK_G0`E
^=&CI$V6-5.&(@D.IKB?&D.H!O3@MF'VQ@``;``$
P@TU?-ZS


%O
556D






M4BL_XTEI(!


M



MF10Q-JA&0Z'-?
[3=%:5]U'I\CZFM8EK9_J'MC;3QJW*
W!:]X3XN]<86KTSA&V:&UE(CPG35#8RF/1L5$T+<_(

ME_*[[^B'0+;J7]52NCL8G.1'\&D`)VJ[CNK8Y9V*&[Y#RG

M%$;4KA[*7X\X)
<$0'%B2:`L]C=TR^W02=)[-P
MST6.YY?1L/XQG0/=`UWAXOS=8(RZGJPF-T/#1]2(10MK642#'I`W;3SX#



9I#TLIUUN3?_N8(D#;])MQ@0D+UB.\2]AN:ZA



[P08IA/I/:N1[Y79^\7LYI%PLL=S7_2[LD)TSX?ANL'E'-E*ZYJ714K

(`O(95

M3



+*KDPY!22KS

SM]%R$36%]E:N-D8

O]6J&YHI7/W
_AQ

ML0U.L'0DISD-NM









A4]@`S5;^N;)=`M<
MR%9HF2KY1(49N1#BF=36D4=A$K3EM&:[!\J.D4=`[H&W3CE+Q^Y

M1AB!'%D
WF])*9L\6`0?')WMOY6U]O[-0?3V]
8L0&PD



X_GW]8

X%]UO:VMK4=/2<L]Q.)4F^YO'ATUFSOEN/#C#U5DN$=A^$SV@2<(

M-M0U8L%D[/_%B*W^\KE=/M3`P.IKW=C].D_UL!PEX!E9EXL\).JJ&MRU;D0C

ML^KED_*+T)]N/_=@PP.%E
K/5M-3&U?7

M31_7C:4<RHIYY#\M91.<P8N%,/8S^6#TZQET6D*<P6HZ-B_K#%:JNV-#K[\
MAZ:#E=YBN+0S6$WKFV71P9+*!MM=\



M\-_%)O$U@DRTTYA(

MB2FC:8

MV.
7V[\


BN7FC\
MSW5?TXFXW50@

M$:5Z7W!K0'JC\_JE^:=4T;4
Y'C\ZL5*4['!CE]8:AT5?+KO[*=B
]%F[F01

.NG
V:?/:G\0V=

+CQ*T0

.[9L#*(_!:GPNE+






M2`



MC)BA?^B(&PB)OVR1&HCH\ATFEZ(:/5^MR@_7&:AK*NS=&VW+V)4%\!8:F$/_
MK+1Z6C#4@X2YLN*BBQ;
6F@M#S3EBXLJ74?&%64_6XE)+KXF\:UQOBP9_7_V
MSC4WKBO)\UM)%%0`#8BT2%J67.X10%&2K6Y;THBT/8/!?$B222EM
I/#S)2L
M^E1[F%Z`

=P/Y1&2C1XS;C4GBUD_@87C+&$($+#EPK-


9VT90HA:/3`A:[**&#)[0X`RY4E1A_(IX(*TF)C]*5

MO:OJ0X

3+[@E#UC)4!NS


@@E/



MEB%\TK0OL4NGJE6*\F^&JQ.3D4+O%7P#I7,=(J@=)D_0BK('WPCS=!.LB&L
M/3)-\_!-^4SQ=!FD\Q*GU`]T_=Q=T.4

LR)(&JJGV%5NV0G%3YT&#JJ0#PNJ
MNCF22*;&'L*+ADXH7?A++?^*3J\O-U;;2232B32-;'I9X$E7)'+(/EVQZ7:
MPWLG2LY`G`2/K_QF9J$




_+W$F2@JA?



NBIEPQZK))!OM[+E7)V
8HAA]=7\M:$


)!&D_#+F/6EDP=YA04I3!
M'U03/32R






/JAP

ML50@UP/AJ?9!VVI='
YBKZ[0\ZNQ^VQ/B@+0DCJ*)!1ZGS&STO^]XO^;_=U[



/




MWU']#SNA)U0

M7)NRSD-/'JDO[J\6N&Z\SM/]H?J@D;L
]_L-A]7_W9#G$
7PAI-UV\^7.]-?
MWK$`#4MM#G?T.L;%QN`;(]#H_?L7(


'

Y9ZK?%F2H0R'


^*L$ZHG!@




KN3'8'/BY\C(*CP&D]
MZR)4X:A'L67#0W96YN\S2]ZPF2T

X






ZL-+@4VXG$WH;0LWUF$&/5`
MDSXT0-A.EZPX`R*'JB(A?A1/SQA_NAI+`O[JFTI[8O=:'2?.(?1TY_6+


7?S#1Q2D[7(O43Z=RRYJTQ8FWXH


XE9W@3#+
MT?WPDO
J@9U.I3*M8^X^RH0CZ2TZBELU[V&8M`=WW!EWRSWBC9[4N-B_!8



;8Z)#U
M]]-L[-15B#^4]L_1.DL2R'/J&@D1:(M@T39I*4(0RU);?D6B_VI%M=$X05
:

MYT1
3E




JS3)8K6:[05S
M/#ZA-I47BS)*NH1NRL/$-3&4Q4







M!


MG5#SJ=(\S-T51`)(/:F%[@J85/-7*:T^7O_7:13[+P]^YE)7]\C,0B550[;
M!Z,I%]BFRFE+AV%PCL)BRQ;-ITK*.8)1.K,R04['%P5&0WEES7S
%75
Y$.
M04U6T[08CA`*'R99R\Y`W
3508]M
4AT1ESSLKIN


C:S



MK^FQ8;[L8!XC#!(9P4
EJD%P[/DAX_





'X0=8E1$+SR'A
N*X9Z!)@ET*/T\X!N]ATZA%@?-$%SFX.
-&




3?\GL0['9\7'




N2)(O^$L`2PX-@1(QYY8O
M0LC#$IB5*1M[&O:N8EP%%T?$N@!.@[TS[(7QOB2-EH$08,(F:M=8X@F-




M^?KTT9R-D)V%OFIZ[6_S?

M6QT0\Q'48K.]R+_X=IVL)BR;W/_/

@=OZ]/%'!8/KNY*7CBP6Z*_Q<GY#@=W)(;X_G]Q2D[M-!<MGFT

YQXD)U2#[!&^48!8B'`Y'EI5S*BS9N3YASCPK-O#&\7(&OJ^+
M\D5




M'QBDBAPKGF'7@%SCHX6$Q%6D

8T81./QYPT9!NWH?!&D]RRG/W*3W)Q]1

K%IK.D2IYCTPJB]*E=%
MG[(28Y]0O=.@VRZ5\%XNLC'=^7M&*(^/[2
%R8E'!H.FCM!`6;#6VRB5`

M]&WQ2R%)K$8';!`G$2B9/8_;+$]04/


MZMBL&%W-D/=60CN*?
J?%T=OQ

MI7Z7]3-!^R2OS:M02#W35-#\L:\T:=7\J5LK[7QQ7SIZ&S\/('@7=6&#B_
K



MWO#[=GT+J8



EGWG


)

8NE(R#N!=I;M;2P7GD

(PDO/NM;)R-'^(L:)B1(5
MQ&BX&7661$RU=^%L#+BMW6JKQ%`C1ZD298DSUX_J1EUXZ1(!P_9=R_R6\E($
M;VT2*(&79

!8K#-#ZOPNY)7F2S$Q/T-U



M[-ZJ%T^+FYT14])_\`6?1D@)='?TU;;+3BKD-UCZBJ'L4MTYG;JS[RW74EO/







RKG9/K1?9&\G:B6C\[L!^P.L\.:1H

&TBI_EZ`BA6Z11


-]!P
'GPN
TEIH0:703E'A;*E-$Y]%3R;^


CTE
MSHVF=
$





MJ

9$8@3]%:]FK


M;6G


M
(K*IWWX[%IG*UB6KOP2$?RP(@8W2`
KULO7B+(U72#ES%QNFY[3=&V$24`



MG_E5+X=ET$(-M$%@)WDE-@Y5[E4$1SFS(1!WX47I&$544+;&R^:]D&GGMI


0-\+1872QR24'%OE




Z6X]A_Z*2



MO)O&



UF9X'U7W%;








:QCJF
:KYF27BJXJ3^Z6'@X.QZHBCR9Y0I4!RWTL#F`=?.=V4



M@6.Q365H@9&5GXW]7HI=796-;ZXT(Z@G9KYY/VJT2^T1-'DM(U$W=JD/7?DP


CM+;7AXB10?-OZ[EK

MQ34`HH-/4.I;[]ZM

M+N8^6-J=K94:+7T)SI5*


M6(19^3/*QA6TW-
UB'\=J?98?+E]*/255'O5BB6U,;+BJRA7X:L3,?Q#];





M

/6LJQ^4;9'.OU`9X`2_WT\1GU)CIR5LB]

ACYN&D)SBU[^3<'F6SMV\I;BU7/I(Y];!+]#


8.8_0U1W<[6&6%_!


M:





M3S*__SD1=Z=
E4UFER'4DBGR

FK%^KEL1U%

&
M-Z0S?*8!#:]@\JH'25Z5&'(2S
.IG0WT_*7





M#P9

VAM+O


M:8K]K/GMZ/*2OMQ





MP##1D:!.G^F-09#DP2:WNRHOR!02Q@H




I#PSNA71W3JB\(:R0Y+@KA+!5#W$&H+-Y5_=E9



`S
M\A!_RFC05WI






OE*G+-0#V%


?VN6W+V8@Y\6SB`(RDFMDD#*R`]`L
GG9

M2C=9D_JCT9AS6U'E-8T-/=FD'8OO9BQ$9[LS_H:&FR[L/BWPVG1B4KL2@_Q
M&TK`\`K4DK@KX0!%G




M]AJ=#V
/-RX,Q0_F
^Y$\=1V0SQU



9&
:-4QN5L







*-QV[DNO/E9$
.V[HH3
7KW-V!RIEL;FJDOX

Z92
-G<QHN]?O]L<4

C5



MGW*='7K@&;)Z.



:BY+\2KFX]!*1TX54@RQH?((6GKR.
M_E=T+=07










.X1/P'SAN=7)#2UM.NQ=,GG;ZY4TF]%D#P^7PVQ3/$O_DJ&K.




1Y$08-&42^X.UL8


4!$Q*B+N`LS(

M(N)2]&\#JF?M2/RWW#90H@G/II^!-B)_PJ_Z^^X/F4JIE.C[2(@'D*!N`^

M?#89$T1&D1U7\3G$9ZY'M

?LIYG7JO1+%*%'F

PZ43=0W'
M;/U5:!`[22\G?;(^#+VB`%R!QAUGW$Z1M*3G$*^0X?X`?^0=!E&76-^[_^
M2F;(:#QFHS`A_YLN/[2!0Y48B#Y

74L782/W0/Y$






%E$UPDU!)MPS`WBB)U$H8B%N

M*7UD?

=E




746C6C,EE5RAUJMC2(ATZ5/MDE2$D





M)WCVZDR%(P25Z$L\2-2\

%;74[(5G0%LQ^


MQ%/CE$_%.`OB/LB7W`/%#/G:UI4@%3_&;IK:(H4;2ILYJE`R%?H`L+A=QJ


M%



M1-YW#3+[2:]H;9BNI7\3'\56RQ[K35O['_



04@J^6B-ZT`G7


IDSW0)_%B^P\@`\ZS&@_+P<'6P<N=]:0CPO6<E'\4
MYQ,I4R/0]69J[BIM=:

^+%[M;^


(F(_E<US%F:=

:







?+PTM2V?9Q=)KB`.2Y3JB#?H?V0*%VV
C5RS:NQ
(MBO1='L


U

4XKO1AT#KLAO(/HZ=


T#@$E

OQF][M`K


M0X$ET@%%(Z/D4_]J!+-0IK3]R`@G)_L@/&+P=?:*%]N=C/F]-



-5A<=X]GJ1/C?ZX

M)?CQ*7D

M$H0[-_Y9&0I18!@6R1
8++

X

XSV#


7Q
[W2



M!L3P&_49M

M(D44==
V*#_RZ$J98'`K1(_
*1.7Z8<@(ZY




MM[)598B

4.+T
4*S5(^)##I

JC6&T^T6C3T6P$EN&?HM^E0)L1=GBK55QFY$^7CTY


\V7^SM;1[L?V.9U4SV)EOF0VM2D]D4YK/=LD[#V`*((T5M
M!1-GJ$77'$`S_XL,%74&2\[!6)^@HLB2=0




&N(@G\Z
)+E'VIPUQ1KK2&*VE`








33P?*3B+Q%)MSC1
M+^?8X_P(QB9+\`H'.X1.D+!H8HIF=*J\Q)
`XUP1[]Q7FP6\2T8]5W.1$MT/

MQ4CA7Y3)



M-


E:64C#Q8^;XE&PUG;)!C+3*??Q

MXE/!3-ODAUF@T[BF
:6QA3!
#3_U)Z.AA0?1V?P##.Y/GP<=*YI\)R1E30?TUTC


MA?N
G@9I


N#&^\V2&7,]UJTG)Z]<$RFC02EOFR@N


00S^)*`HLK!E$T
M.-@+ZX]Q]LWE&!5)DMN-%T-Y=$@0K`D*60A_67'**AH/9(_32+YMZ%.W*Y(
M*V49

3
MOW?`+`B@KLP5BN8[HRU2J_(;&5@NNV[$D.V65-LG0
_:*SGF
BYXF`/9U$V9

#&RW7W

HC$PQMM5M
V3(G1-[HY%P55.@@^[ZRN!C9H





MNP*?K'3D)*@N;[R$-?E`XR







.U5)#$GFC`


9&\=@VBKBET?69337]5

M[HX&/
C)EXP$DNF@BKC:RE^UZH(8AKN$3.%U+1?%QLIR76X;R#
IXOCC.%RX



M`;IM]=$W8BG7U4]_FJ@8!$7RLE][9Y`HB'-


Y:F4WWO!@7*EP_=N:;L(N

7\3'^Z$E-?RAR$]L_3A=LC:*GVX

&P)1D-\\^'.9XX18VM]I)

=70TU`%N$#8*X


/3QLC.L?.R@80%





'^
M$S@X='`H/^3PCDQ'+O(UC`1^+'?!8N'*=*371\=GS)#GW\X^O'N+9&5:4D'4

O
M]D_!]+W+6_*ZKHH:\IPX%

MS5




MW?_#GL*5CP@+90B[!%?


E\RUT.R

3G(/62
(&HZ[4W_P^8N]ZGVV=G:JYMZKUHOM^GE?


M)%).(63I%1LFX?I9^DGF^]?[A[AX8?(&#Z3B+#3\N7K_.A!6D-!IT2P=*7


FF
MWLG-GWV0+T$BG[/P4K=S




M7Z3+MZ^@&2;+VCXQ%J0_G4V.\6S4%)S=C*J_IC29ZA_:&SQ:?47P7.
K7`



R.2

'JV


M*?7E#*+^69$(X?3Z]%CQUR:$G=%?2X-C_.KX.4GPZ2O\C%'7#0)A(.*WAE



ZJ
MH]

JB0YR)?#D30XG=`;_:'UHL4UW(PFYEY=0UD\
[-?TI/&:FL$--
`X8+U3OQNC




Q%-9N(KLL?CQB:
M66X[B)CRVX8F&H&G9M6-&4



D&2FE5O2TD2L&W2D4B=B`
M0!9T11A2K$

MLG+BA+70&]UN`%1K

MNZQM]UA!RJB4@H]9K$Z=-2



MO%4`3J6S[9DM$'16FB`V[@+_]VA2C%EK+0(1YQJ$PI4)FVE$)-?SO]J^





M8GOR`3;PQ3NDTZVX\$2\

9AR_9<3I1!<HHSTA%BO)1FBQ5ATN'?-K






MXMIL?I9E+'




M=
H^?G7^79NEW:Z%P&J:]MI4-Y.1M^_@^YACWJ[FE](7'N_Y^OK*X03;^Z
MQ69NOE.*E

6

7!X'.F?YE.I
MCFP4W0#;V&(B1/.F=F?/!17EY^W9-[!XI*[VU^O%A=GL'QGLC55591H\@Y;

1C.;TYPQQ@!K)7RVBDF?4)1D+MYG[[<E=HW*&PG
M1=DC!&HG8*A5,\0;4RT\YAT1@SP;%4LJ+;ZLTJ]6=CGQ(8C,/M.VT<O2Q?-M
MCJ(G^7!(5(A$*A,SU()+*O.'!NS_N:#O&B-\/X6`+.D^CY$QETXPL!)6<.B9
M$V[,<.U5+8D6F)%1`*HZ*'BX!!L'$#B!NF<T!+W94-66SI/]4L$!W
%6G[*

MPQ+T]D)@


M.2%5MK+].GT


!G.KT78?9;&A^)P\N28866H/\
EN12AV

MSVI9'C+*'5&$%)_M)RJ9$$


6ZX
MN$_7`


FMG&5.3\]Y9N/GY*D$@I9G:-M10]7^%
`&.%2W]W1
Q28M;N!/
M5-O_:Z*4^10M+XPY6#OF@^K7NX!J%CA39@T8#)@S%E_]
N/AU2\S)EW]

M.1K.&?S
(&DII(H0E_HK?\`1H=:_$TLH`V0Z'$-$5'T%:Y!9MD*@?OJU\32


M+_427)*.;O^$!TLZ#E09(YS!VAVN$B.9^)#`ZOMYW_*8&-?%&\U6N7(DA$

M$B$@$JCWNWTBF/-M5S0/63WT3M1)

MZH;!+K+NHVN
MS#?X)U.[LM1AJZ);86!R@Q!.6W&3;ISIAOQ%NYCEX7+

MV`[0

M2JWJS*!$%G3=K/U.Y\X
XUSKHK.WL(!$
=6N


K30P@!0FB4;&S2/=2`329Q
M-Y50Y[VJ


#40D'FK0]6OV


`B]=`\\@SVDC5`*!-=_@B..^MUP=HD'[



['B&6:L=M4R




@ZUGT9EME#'0FE**G/B

M

1BA)FO




M9P=L$T;;!9$U$4!]+4]9
Q#].;K_@_3)?LM6A'@(HE8SCDDBVS]C6$&$*/

M+)GC?\TH(CX89I+EQNRT0@MLN&-U+H9+M4DA*




ME8$I0W96I?XN8M!B6#%;G
^MIX\+)@ST
%_%*OZXCW3R)G2R-F(=@VSC@(
O

MWDRZAQ`UVE8W**ZU]HQ6F4YN)#\\

=R?+5+CSL9[I[IY0


Q+_GPK;3W'$Z(H\H\B!1[
M*[PF7\$!K+*2#7XQEL6R3COGL;[.++=RMMZIY1XRE2UXULR3'J@SEU5
MJB0[U



/&#U0*^NKCZ


U5OXAYSE6_J'A-5;[(\5^]-/.RF!_%



M)D-R4K.&:/CJ7
0:G@$C:\[&`$U2Y=

.J





M[C%9'2+WF*P.(*=JM=%IRRI`ZE\.`

'
X1-#*1S_F#I$JBVXC\
)
MU#O%[F&&WV#:-.-DG;;@

[HC8][-_(L0F615;R7RQ48VNI8^



U-+JW
M'V/_T



M$`]F8MG[L17IY^@+')NG\P=0D%M.UJ]J=/EJHJ?=WE-MI%NUT/D$+BF3:\

W:J

R+7HQ-P6+?4#3(1SV^(U9B`18?8P--/WWR

PZ7_VZD;%7QA



++0W-E+LGNS





M22

^
M(@Y.),=TXIE^P+VLOBT16&-_'D!N?9U\XWB/9P-P`)VME*JY'A
?/Y@7T'
M:-7%(
M.-KP5


[-@8;=W%7

4$/B

MK#&V!975W^%+W7.WC+=Q@+'SJ'V0V:K!#)TB*L&V&5






MFOO7_L[RX#M;/W#-$+X

M^!L`\;M_'?SPJ]_$_WSQAR^^&/SSRZ_^_IVU^<</O\]_[X<OC7ZR#+(),2BW
M^7I0:A:^'5ON'SVXN=[Z'G)D!IZP5VZN][_T?C(=4,*0(5G[CA_T0@@HN!*]
MXIFN%?_$PG3L56S']N:KNT\QR^/V`N1!HX_Y]H0$?9B/UZAVW56#$WBTQ6#



3O6+B;P[EN&N




!M[L#EBG/3CGY/\]$-@/@]'T81(NV#O._:&H7A81!/Y44&+B[OE


M114AT!35:!.GHO0=
P6.KC3G*D*@*:H(@::H7BJNP)?:HXH0:(HJ0J`IJM$P

M
_%\'.WD8.^X\H
-'
DD-XF&%[!OBU^[N7:L;0B[Q



M\!&OB$(=19IX`6@BD03QA4^9F?T5!_1%30?T05$']$55!\A=8J2*V%RXQ_@
MUO!I@)?+J\$@/HBDKE-N$`$O4$PQ'1-GD_I)06
2J^IZBO4EUQNW([81S2Q


Y)_X`BFZ
M:2\J&?N=L[SAX.[LH)E]

MK748/1
5W2P1X1D+\`R/ABAXFJP_$:P//)'Y:+(^'((5!A%XT;H^B(N\ODH]

`6
D$``LT0`)P2533)


M80`\6K(BFQ.&7

:@JT9FH1CK*I$(@JX*B2(Q;KE$]O&Q:7R(


+)N.&%Y`:BB'6#53




Z=/7(+A/G^_;/[K`&A=WL:G
MYQ9E,EM&=QJDDL<T-LS)-N=*U5M*8[G4%;8^!A_!F4NIK5*T#^O#EG%<V&A


K8K^V3BBM!:T1+R2XM!*8V]+
M!B!S-
%!25$^DG2#O(UA*D:N1A/M

=X1Y
M=U-&_EY54VX<T61'^];K=HXG]GGNF[BN]LLJ<TE2#DEA)*EN%6M;D+C#4


P?7H;XFV_110`S!Z\BGZC
M2?[)*Z!-?@
C-[M0SL_XKD%JR04.U)ZD]33AC._HUV/E;E23Z
[O6:KS76O&
7
I'72L-N


T066[Y?:J(.1?H$_1EL$J2!1^@A

J




\
BI!);T%`0U=`Z+C-.6RQWAE!;@
M;HON0M9E$0_W]%[8:#(]@V.R*@DH.BK]7-\W@MM`RE.U@/


MK*L4A

MU`J9R






&'F.RRI=+3:)<`4Z!OI6
MS0[


MY@(9O2]C5.1:H*R2G[&\)150@;KIO;U1FG9U(XW2DEZ$(XKJ?/N\-RR/?*9J

MXTCUW[*OMVTF=*0N@1:];U=V_YERS)0OJ)1ILI9(J
6`!#NGXG.%?3*\YZHL











`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#&283
_04`



M^'WS^V_/'U7]VASSO!5`X=RLQ6/;7IXDJ




13D
6E()F$;BV


IR.12GR`0DU5X
M48VS.A0]$F:R20/T-4LZRY8/.'S`Y0

`'PB$PSIS!9VZ`!A/C(3`^
MB\]W



60

?^P@
\1%(AR)




MXDC4([0(*Z0&\U4XQE62681UD4SZIURD'P


MIL`L_!J]+B'_4+M%X.L!6-B]I(?\C[0^%.=&..5[.!568J$#UG0-F.ZTU:5;

\@+@?56UPPY\Y)6NJ_^;_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`$!T'

M_8YM;C:LTWW)Q?/W\)OQV(/WG]Z+W'NC-

M@N7ZH((^%M?`U[5E)S5I(/%O-Y%!0D*WWM85?_B@]VN60IQ2R]%[04VDE-

E
]
M2M#?&7WPP6^/W]CC]SH[?\U*MF&=9(K<&+L54J_G.403`Y&LU_4GROO3.]
MD'LN?K#''S2[W@0L]TI.25D.3X)/K\AD#4#HY%U]/[*SN!W\,)JMUO,0+5:^
M=Z)<O&1RKN^E=RY8\8\6H<:5=K)HG(2`V=@7L\5FA5;1__R;+S`=^?E&4*@


N:])Z\.'

(H'^



UC4T
M*V/)<PEV2DQ8V3@F8'4_@;.EPYAH/#6*5/OA'TJP4XO)JSL'A.PNJE8F1U5


M*TUHGG

6WKKM/'?P$``/__`P!0
M2P



M*81LJ(:E+'W5249SNZFI_3`($K^AO
6.L)'O88BBX!F[%]FQ8:UV$
EJJB%^

!XL!KKE\L%*
FVWPM6R'IH89S/Y
%S2YLNWB%

MIIQ^BQY_HVW#+(-=3(5.`CQ:$R_YD8$F_U7NQ]L!7Y(E+.'FO]4YR^
%Y6
M&LH=FRV9J


MKS

\0$GKA*B9Q\G^*[R*R)[FGFNZV4IP0M`?X5!TUS48V0#9'

M.O61K/K]-HR]
UG:8HR!T00X#]YH4PR7K8]K%24SLK.!9V\SG&X2^V+BZA*[

MB%
[\&(HQ`0
M;X2L9&.P
M9Q$[MP%'4*R=@


MWA*:2+JQY19:=/8F'H2&*60_*_B]

ML+9E2
IF]^U+:BC*
Z2'Z5YD$\VOT:?AD#_C\/'CM_


MMPV/?7]]F



//UCIS_6N;;KFT
]DNCF`
MVN^\F6_F


O
MAWMXWJXYR2?)K\&Y5CT@7[W\-OS_5N_[XS9
EK-LM4BB.`N#YZKK/]?JWC#8
)VA#*+LRZ?'
MMGD+9&])X.Y:JDZ-'F1_?[Z)4Q%Y,#LE/J3D@\WR7?MY-6O3U&VCA[G7V6-
M=UJ4@V@5!I,(*XI1H8JC\HJ;W-)9O!DQ6[P1@IU%5
LU_@)N2V)L:*P%4F*



M9HRKW&/-64%4R&8I!'S%1W
)F@0'=.'871E$\XT-1E.N*;!2Y2'H'*78%A
MB2C\$L%*

MT

8X(V#0%^0BIL-02H8#4@Y2^B
3A-`+*:
M%:

M
1+!9L'0


M;!8

M)ME^-R:W(1N`7*N@*^BO%B8XI:!^P4HP+K8WT[LN6[/V.
EH2VJ/8WW
A*.D

2
MC*L

MTS$XO2^9LH*5(
R


MCYLX$'X_Z?X'Q'L#)@O9C9)4W:OV6NE..E5M[YD0)[$6
+*=S?:_[]AC;$S8


MOQY:+LIM#7F_DKNRZK'-S05\PRK!

GN7@?R2/




M3J%(H9255G[26F

MM#3T4=R[\R:
1S19F&8


M]:6UZQB([6!(GA4.=-`HQM\P5!,%$I+=3ZZ#5E*[D;HJZ

P'1DL'N#XFQ$7U

SMWKCR9^%K!Z[
^IW66M;F!!%G*\'U4COL(J\?.^&$+.I.%


M5TV/XC@0O:\T_R'RO0D.A``BC*;5ZMV6=J71:F?F;(*!J)
XBMU-S[_?LBM?
ERJWOR^3<R9GHN0%K)Q$E3
%

*=B_O*2E


PH
_3
MI!)2G-0

^57V?OM




)D]




N4.D1DUH

.A[D^#&((%71C^[]GS&M#[0AG'68?1POM5AML[;`*C=

;M9#?11H^[/E\`6?!L!A7Y?(

MB/%M^&\(/!@7N#';%8I5R`U`OTT

S



MU6PU
S
]W#WMS!G8MD_.[?/]]


=Y\M0^;][VPY_=^R_M[N5U
M
*^2)*9L9)M&-.\L).L&%'L8UJ&3_OG#8@J5W'K/7UQ0`Z@CG)BR.X
M$YYG\81M]7YJ=F@\E[PL*G(L$)F?4;3BK6D0&X6R$TX7SMZ/S5G$`]@VCYV
M#


M%.


R))
#W\A^)5NR\2K^
+!?1`EV8O$VKA&:3@[T

HS3F6SLD1&J\RQXG](CMK+4JP
M$\S4)!N@HI:-Q$Z_6B0)=H3Y&K


=QJO$;@0\ZTYD`A<`3BT?:]`8#\1
BWA7,W&35<NPMR7)H@FOOBN2!'7%
M?!V][`IUY





M@AT9S06!8TYVF/8F?7X**OZZM`A%/2?


WR8EC;TF?/RPD



3XO/-!56]IRDA-][N!5_G#/A(ENLR@4M@JY:33F`_$6\:
M.\($CCD!
4D
MX=4[DB38D84GLY_L,%W#R?U#:H/]E

IX=5W19(@
M1Q4F



)W`TSS863)!];UO


X
$T_?FJ-O



M7L63+Q;5G%86L^-BH3FY
ETT-?E*W7B5V!5[G*N^S:W
-)(C6]9S`I7H2)+@



M


MRNS&/KX[PUO.\

M#_\#``#__P




CTE^WMK?_WUY6MI6647Y
4IYSK;V3U;:GW:__[:Y\^*UO#!669`A

2++*K@9W%VRVO!HF
]*$M=ZGES-XN2W)89
MUL4C.?CIE
3L

LF6Q8_DBZ+BM?;]2GFV152')(T
MJ7[626TKB]=?SSDOHD




E


Z]=KXAN
M;;CMNZ4$=(XGR4(WEO0B/V)@1BXQO9B.C6AK6U$T'U`SQ7J$#$E^W!T?U'


40DSEBT@A7-48+/!*0PD:GZ.6T=Z$0Q`
M[X9ZB.BD1B3(Q
:$0&S$)C2X97N*%5&M-D.-*%#3'6?^Y6EX!QDAB
_*R$=$
M-3Y#M2B0XN/A3NYE=+QVB`F!C:!7FD8N]66-PQ+/$BK4^#12

F

2%BB@9%TS`EO(0K5-
I9K(C7?PVV@KTVP.]:
MC^G!$DST1%AK89=+[@M$H5IZRQEN\EXA'JD7MN)62Z

^C(P0?-G$B_+6['5MY*=M%QN`/##&L!T_(

MX`9[Y
M39R8HMG?J;3E8$UJ);BM

ZR1F





MO
?4PY8=PW(0*TA;H`6*HH\S+5$2$4D42#I._KY+4M;+19J+;.T.9V?(Y6IW


#/1+
M9D*PF%RM?K0'\%VBC.7T5.D?XOR9\:+4<-HKLR05%52)ZJY:0%P3E_L[YEG
MNHQQ&U6:R_T@Q5&1Z;T(S=K,4I/2HOZCP/Y'94C3J2$&1V^6`1;%;^*OH_



$+QJ#.^PM`)P+H2\O9ACWW\C]7P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``@=5_W`!@``#2(``!H```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T
3`R+GAM;)1:78^B2!1]WV3_`^$=L4#MZ4[;DZ$JLSO);K+9[

MC:AD1`S0TS/_?JNXI=2]P





QBJ-4Q5;B[!2(A*\DZ)<.V&3)Y$()D[A<!`3*72
M6`01Z8X6.`@122P[$9S/V'S.4A0;!6?6^`01[=8?;$0_NO=0@\QR9F-%SU*4

M@_R1P4TB8#$;NIRG*):BVX,A#2F,TT1^,O,-%D6*QH
13%1L&B1XS*%3UJ


N18PHB5R7HA
C$3K0B[MG06+''$I5^282T7DG9)HUH+D/$6Q
M%S:6`


M8CMXL

5J`0






#

MD]HZ$L??MVJ_`\5[`KYP2V5RZH`M2[:W:FMK+\^$86:H#

4D)-SOOU*EB_J
M%NB?O
Q%_7
CZV])W8TQGW_[\_@Z^F-_OAQ.;P_CZ.-T/-J_[4Z/A[?GA_%_
M_BT^+









-:!/??MG\_O'X?'Z\C!.YA]GBVD2







M9[V$TBZO+:1_]A`[\PTD


2?+A)IS:IZSUQ;4'+$KJB#F



\Y
(HS?O6\*89BK




7-MQD/%BICG?#;4U.S
13+;3-4C**!-LMU8



MV84MD6FGBRK/I=8M$]30N@D@&?:28T1@I

!!2&2
M82\Y1@1&HQ(CB
E!BI

%!B1&%$8*5ND
MS2#2=
IA8H^ATCEE_7#)BE0YA`U6.UF5X]OR;C9Q`QK+=L
))A)


^U4-2]]:(Y]&-M%

WLT;#*
MTJG&JBP\?8C]:HN?/K100)T-1C*

M($+59!483TU;(@'90PP+*1N
9!C)
2(P4F!$8D1AI
1(A9$ZB%`U37G`R07[
M







E!BI
M



M#_E5Q

5)AI`XB
M1
6455KX'&SL
%MHJ
MA8PU


))A
M)

MC.08$1@I





O


#?)^U_0'YOP!#(AT*J9E6W29LT3?MX=L`$

MH`??@:[EX;

]@:V4C];T:VE%X!R^\GYP)_!#!26OV+XQ/^7A

M]MK(]B\:T2
*(?$1`N\CA




M[`U4(YB^D?'B*MA*+?A\]O
IO2@TVB!]=@X]2AM&S+6\G7C
I_2

MDB3QX3$CAZ\LU7._Z)-XT.KGOH&$IG+^7XLC;P,B+W3WQAA$/=OQ[TSM

!^5%#P$&U/C**BB*Q
MAVM:48E1
8#NGGG[S:)`J(0AF?6B;3



MN\0CC

F


H';-



DEB1

)9L^GOD#Z:4PY5=$E



$AB01)+3FC\1$1L!K/&MZKQ

MB%#L$-O

FHXX\

MR!\)CXZQHQ&;1O8TXM0BHOK8T7#AD/ZI/GYD+.PZE`$2R%3F5$T;SFA$IY$Y
MC1@TLJ1)8V8-+*BD36-;&C$2I$:59(MM*.3L6ED3R-.+2*JDIT55ZF2GR$+
MJM34DBHY5:M*$M%E$IG3B$$CQI9THA)(RL:6=/(AD8L&MD^D8I-_DYP#M`A
AI6C51YC1BT

K:3@K1_8MNS)2
M89\JXVF_PCY3QK
JNZZ

MNR/\1QP\DO?.;T$




P@8*AU@DMCFDT0:%HR0?1$-JR&

M+GFC.S9!WT

T([;C;P16]
MX%1)+7






_RLZUI[Z%KM

MX%Q*TPUL9_
_G-T?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`C\:=C&`)```O/P``





2'CU3^9B''=_M(5^J4$-












M)YYJ?F\Z-QJ7:7YWZG47%$T8NB;?$D::=6%H+AF78U]!MKD$B1`2$208)#@D



(PPC$28T1@
M)
%(BI'


MSM=**[.9L:#UZ=&.G+E6%2$2XB@11AA&.$9BC`B
)`WBD@XRMT[O'*

D=X@



(QTB


(
MQTB
$8&1I$&ZY+LVBKSID##6`MF0Z&+H$LIZ0D_P=V0JC=H4BYF766VGFV^
M8ZM*-!,2(B&.$F&$881C),:(P$BD10CF171U'2-FH^I9NV'-=:&LDU
C(08


OSG1M//9+VQBRCO!EO3+N'#
C@#/M`%T\H\XSF(HWZCV+





)1E*
9%9$5U-662Q7
M2$_Z80&@H:QJJD`6)

MAH^K:-LI6CMB)
1(A!&&$8Z1&,(TF#=(^KC


`




+*
M5
SXE57PY
3K

OM^B7CY15<'/(B;[ZW3FVKS#;?SA6O
MTT
!NM_)/


MF9$#




MK?

MF#P4DR)@FYJ7R?B(1'H1#(DD`\Z)#Y\:+I@78SHDE9-%S9$RM7

M


M#1$LU4@D1H).$9I4*'





CV59M
TA.
M-
(@)#8CB1FADXBN6'8G(XI5T])7[*.*'))A8S/

MLDD94:QZ%TTQVH$A'#W@'*
X(C


_

M&=X



M'2?L1
.K<]J4BUMI,VMN\*)L^


55-+%!%QN

M%%$*&(48H4188BEXE&.DR[TZ%L;J6#
+]:5.BZGN5V9D-%9-F`0D.AHS!0
MF@L%#8*!X6+PD/AHPA0A@B%#&*!$6*(D.1RT0C&XI;


=&9&$Q
)A83FXG#Q&7B
?&9!$Q)A&3
MF$G)&62


`B8ADXA)S1ADC+)F.12TLR6LDSV*5M.
MI0JE*I\)62)4(A:UDIS=2R8J$XV)SL1@8C*QF-A,'8N$X^)SR1@$C*)F
1

!=1

59:34;%S_(5@^/!J+Y]7%T$
MKA3MBU*U']_%8
WQ&1B


MXS'QF01
0B81DYA)PB1EDC')I:29+&7=4I8L55U32!:Q3*_(JI]ULB!1.8K&
M1&=B

22XES60I


RO96AH@US%I).Y(J
MD(2H'$5CHC
QF)@UJ49=DU^

MEY)FD@B%_E9WTE7PGXE%R!$7_)FH3#0F.A.#B7DFW:

M8^(S9B$3(F



9B83*PS.0[0!L+5PSXO_N7PS&'B
M
O&8^$P)B&3B$G,)&&2,LF8Y%+2S).R$-YUIZLJD!=W-3]].-=,*$L1EA&
M7S)1F6A

%&9:$QT)@83DXEU)F5'
FU-

$Z$&?YJ\C[MJ[S/A


Y9#-QF+A
/8^DX!)
MR1B$C-)F*1


!\VW(E^-6ZL$

TF8I#7YV*^-=_T7?VA?A.I@QE%S*6GFG%#2;XWBNDK[




MSL1@8C*QF-A


W&8N$P\)CZ3@$G()&(2
TEJ

RY=


M#9:#6$':`U0%%W.-$5)A51(.DX^?L.25NV9+?-1;9F'M^\63A:W;\V-7IA

58QH!
M0ZM27&G=+7U?T8HU1'FB8RUXB$;HN%5EK[J).Y/=34?A0$4[\AO
6.82G?
MPR&*@E/V*.B^8:UV))+51(-^5?%.G=@:^AZZALC=OKNCHNF`8LMKKM\L*48-


K(5+8#8IQ`%4DAKG@_%:#)@56%_6811%*_\%JD*/H(T#
MS3#J02-$=HV()SV)#TIZ.9#DA9R3#&

M]


M6?)6H9H50!EX



MJ4&`K`%ADKI[YNWG]\KP](CXO0OU#2H^7S(6CR4C
B/?_?L_W[^=_'G[\'AW





M


/?8%=[EMU5L







/


M%FVJH2;-'+1RT
Y!)P?='/1RT
_!(`?#'(QR

[!)`?3'
QR

_!(@?+'*QR
ML
[!)@?;'.QRL

M

B0R(C(F
B$
MR)3(C


!6JEHYII$6D3:1#I$ND1Z1/I$!D2&
M1$9$QD0F1*9$9D3F1!9$ED161-9$-D2V1'9$]D3J=4;7C!J
N%[K7+'UI&:3
M`$4LQ@&JW:3@0QQJ_%R7Y!)SYR@R+].NLU$IJ5F32(M(FTB'2)=(CTB?R(#(
MD
B(R)C(A
B4R(S(G


JNU0CL
=L6:!KNJYI^C@.<VFW(=&
MV?QE19;WK9BKJ_-KF;=+B;PRU@@L*OTFHU9`40BT&778L,NHEQBF693;H#R+
M9Z]?8,&VJM1PIV0YN*Z5Z`S=<=5DKEY?I;78%I88=3B:#)J






O2U34MO6+O5U=

MV5]S9R7E_:)A(2R+VZRL;8AFR(HO@N
$A4\7UU16-\I:69:07#VJ_*K[3$
M$*66'?^2V1Y5U[34L/?+2R8%*!NVSR[`@W+:22J2F554-/F:B:O&8XNJO4)Y

MJVF*!(WTVE%S#RAK[?E`;EH:%4U&+49M1AU&748]1GU&`T9#1B-&8T831E-&
M




M&6H&%V1M!BU&748=1GU&/49#1@-&8TPEV

T*\AK44FWHB7IEI#$0K9XA7UM
HB/4T
M#
H\I/$J2POY;5'M\F_7:W'C0?$:D-W2-53+4#.@2UE;^_
#KWNV3$&+J\VH
MPZC+J



^H8BGR]



94+*D2PO2+=4J


M6F5.LFGH.DBC


_




L'=C3WF$I5IE:Z-+]`DZO4
MJBO\





MEL5J



-HRT;[ACM%5E)

M
)C/:?&$81LF]9Y&H2RH^
%8;G3DP1AB=(ED;?9
M4R^-BV!HH=H

-8+XU+V?;P


;3I#*RY=


U4W34


MR`Q7C-:*S'##:*O(?.T8[169+\1JV
XS2P0FLX:RR+:I++)UJAQ#0/!WL$V'

M

NH%%!56G[4&C(:*



M8%'Q(U99K^6PM
[3*



Z.FHO+=


ZN75%ZU^S-C)Y*+2/]9[D=J&&<D:NW63<U='WE
M&1FI+TO$V#7

T8;VPO659V[I:N4Y6=D5








EF`L5TDVR!/.@0GI+EF`Z5$BGR1)
@0KI
M.UF:4\A72A+,-4II=EB=SP(88PAW5DN+-##/DRW.$A3GP9;N&DU7@^)62E

%]?B&W+RS!

$]?$W,S!37HA]S$LP1I+(;=_+
%B2B%W@2S!FDHA
M-X




M0YX$
!
^&(88\9X'0PQY$M0ZYL'R?J7`DI(YLBN








SPE`ZG@3G@J$?\B0X



)F+(2QO.NT0


M&/(D.$H4



4YLH@B[SHX_QKU[J4-QVCWCT)3L,NY.A?'NMP
M`C8BPI/@U&NT7$\B)UUC+\*5X9AQU*)GA=/&SD#F=.`$\;1+CP)3A5'N_`D

M?HO`R?N%G

GR?0TK(L\-W


[CS)/B$



M!TG/E5RC'_/J[1JC)SYF[E0H!D)7T
8XZ`HZTJ@\5SV

%3T]^7I[





MJV?/?_GI_!'MW[_[SV?GYQ\^__[Q/\FG][^6[_]\)Y^W5*JOP=\_?OQG'YK]


M[WL7R


M[M6]H`N)=V.B_*M-/CRMR?LQ4_[5S*NG94KW.)^L_*N93[S
AS%3_ATSW4_Y


%[M$QU\
MK7;J?]`/ZJEGK(:Z-D==/_%#OE%+]3]HNT^[VAMU5/^#IC[QE&_44_T/FOO4


M[5)?J)WZ'[[S4M5/+\Q/3[U4M=
+L]
3+U7-]
+


M'__S


4



(H@AD*J:6*EH@!M6+4+X(]8M0P`@5C%##645T;S


&)9


321JQMQ.)&K&[DE==SM;S:

1^12D']82)`99@20@*4@&DH


S]4RA)YS=8]]5P\D</7+P-53T.1JD!AD!9*`I`92`Y2@)0@%4@-



M/=&!Z$AT\I!?^7Y):*[RXU*16_D1#9M&^RT8BWY'7W]O-+0DBHE61`E12I01
MY40%44E4$=5$#5%+U!&MB39$6Z(=T9[H0'0D.GG(KWR_S.%4?MS&\V._O_'+

[QC+
=%!
=%*Y4TK851*E!'E



ZI;C1*;N!FJ/M@
MK6QK47JJ.Z(]T8'H2'3RD&^E?I9;K23[KZ?7LV'VV[/
@&0;L)[C0BZTMXQL

J9(E/.B0I%DW)PSJ4%J'*E


M?QEF;+W*CY.X
KWDWD#IR_Z7\3IS6V7A+%1*L1.4_[A%$I44:44ZM@5$E4
=V845T2)JEQL*]6HH:V'8.843<G
M*E3D8E.E1@U-O0JNJJ)N3=2HR
6F6HT:FKH+GA$====$&Q6YV-16H\:F@HKO
MJ+LG.JC(Q::.&C4T=1LT=?)T?1_W
WXS-[6;82;0O:F-2'RLC\^%(F=V1]'Y

M:75
7!-M--&TMHI
:\?$/=%!$TWKJ


&6%J4NBA79
LB**%%T43ZU*)7/%)E\3E0HNC_?
M68-K*^VHRE:*3+8F:A3-RK9V5&4[12:[)MHH&F2#F]C6CJKL3I')[HD.B@;9
MX#9\M*

R-[IEQIE*%9D%[4B2A19
M8DJ4*3*MG*A09%HE4:7(M&JB1I%IM42=(M-:$VT4F=:6:*?(M/9$!T6F=20Z
M*3IK^97O)WCG'BGC7+`-=U_WOV'=5]Z?40@&/0N-&A]NP22@'557QB/R'CA#



2.ZGN0NX\


W!
=

JTMT4Z1




FS58C4C.
M2\\QT2C32HDR)N9$!1-+HDJ1G5=-K4:C[+Q:HHZ):Z(-$[=$.R;NB0Y
/!*=


JC3S

M];0F:S;9F-B%)EN+TB:[IS6Y9I

2)I5D]A212/2!X!&K4B2IB8$F5
S(D*)I9$%1-K
MHH:)+5''Q#71AHE;HAT3]T0')AZ)3EZB[XA^FEGO


M

+$


MHMD;U(QSS]+KG#M-
+I8O!BCAL$'7J2GH^K*6!/LCKHB2A3-RJ9V5&4S12:;
M$Q6*!ME@@%;:496M%)EL3=0HFI5M[:C*=HI




[-&.JNS)T_#MYLX`NW;C#'#_%CZ

M(_*

W!
=F'@D.GF)
M?N7=6=I^8#/\\8BO_M;Y+6=I%7UC+6P
^\9:F$6IO6+5_\9:V!CFKH69F/5K
MKH59E#:9/:W)G$T6)N8T&;[*E1:E359/:[)FDXV)76BRM2AMLGM:DVLVN3$Q
MITFLA5F4-KE[6I-[-GDP
:=)K(59E#9Y^F:3?G_XRAQU;]O@W6U$P5I8L':T

MTJ)4OE)D\C51H^BB?&M1*M\I
ODUT4;11?FM1:G\3I')[XD.BB[*'RU*Y4^*



\C^
4YI]'L.OB-(5][3S\
MWMA/BSMS






Q39UKS%B/SOE\/7$UJ4
M7G1
M)*B%*BC@G*HA*HHJH)FJ(6J*.:#TBYPN+-HKZ[W.;C'-W%[PJ;)TP
M_1!W
`U,+4.5,D2GG1(6B23G8EU9:@I7BDRY)FH43<K!.;<6
MH

MG(.=U0I/HE8M.XEF-C$\B583_9

*HEZHC6U-HP:DNT
QU49FM1*K]3)&
(NU
YPY/S)




M2[0CVA
=B(Y$)Z)'HBB:8:]GV$S!HYF*1S



M47K1

J9(E/.B0I%


MV:J%$TZ(9[



M5#R:*7DT4_-HINC13-6CF;)'
W6/_


DU(CN[[P2Z*A46IT9=$

E%^\S;J;HXGW&S91=O
\X
MO_^]X-IO^F^S^F]^W%ZS]Y%%D1+HIAH1900I40944Y4$)5$%5%-U!U1!W1



MW2._\+[1@\GE;ZU'RRQ!.'^@R+G3C\B9&5@2Q40K:B6
2HDRHIQ:!:-*HHJH


MZ@4/JAL\J'[PH#K@^H)#ZHK1N@_18*EF6_V&[9O!J1^Q09D-]CL)%F3)0H




M7UZ0KC1%J+9TI9&9N+S*D$TVFDX\^$BD8U%]LI6C/CG)89.5)O7@8Y'7'*I/
MUCHK^=WL.Y=)7W&9=$3.4'@Q(F=8N22*F;@B2IB8$F5
S(D*)I9$%1-KHH:)
M+5''Q#71AHE;HAT3]T0')AZ)3DQ\))*N
I3;*:1T#C(MN.
!Z1Q#G

MUMQE6G0W5ZON
BV[FZMU=YD6?LCU.\!75JO[WX$-]@.










OMEA:E+98*;K8

E7I`_6I3*GZCU


M5DZM0J-




FI-
P

;E8GE3G&X6
M]]?!77?Q

YL=2.JFQ&C9RHL
09

W(6JKE5QM





M3'PDDBXRU-8II/0+


.@.



Y=X-O/@[[^.!Q.!9`+?'X8#DBR(4+1]&
M9*/F6)'M+EX1)8I






118.(H







M


MHQJ_


VY29C4VYE[''*%Y


OG.

M@/:E'J0OR3]L8^Q+\LMV27?I2VY+7W);^I+(THY$%HU$EKYDK;0[&(VLE;ZD
MJ/0E144C1:4O^2CMR$?1R$?I2_)).Y)/M$@^Z1R95K?L

MUI@]C)



MO__SO_[]WV[^^I=_^F?N%$S&)R+Q-D?_5'G0NN+I'EW@6.I:7:]@F&CX)1IV
MB89;HF&6:'@E&E:)AE.B43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB
M43RB43RB43RB43RB43RB1?&H2/&HZ%(A3B_:TB5#%(^V=.D0Q:
M74)$\6C+
M+B6ZXHD'BU7QC`NP]


M%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2):5(B*

M\$`T+!`-!T3#`-&8OVA
7S1F+QJ3K[5NGO'TPLXS/=9HYSEHX^UTYBD:\Q2-




M@Y&B860SSL_N\@('ZSZ=77'KP-J5[BFT=B6M_NK&2;Q.Q7V!^KL;B];
?V@W
C

SK%8]5O'



Q9\

2Z8(EHF%)



+2?#:4J^OV0P2DSM.5P/C[,*W4K0MR)VA1;SJ
M50Y&9L%?VHW70MCVQ?8^*WA



M(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)1(:)%A:A(A:CH4B$J1%NZ9(@*T98N







1V1$(S*E;[V);A8$JS3+FR!8


[;)*Y)X^B7-8(H&D&4O@11-((H
M?8F8:$1

\TI=8B$8LZKY=+.+V6!6+L9:&^V9C
M4L\GW#@-S\^X[BEU\U




!(&3X0B<:`2N]'6[
M3Q`+SV



HA$&T0B#





1Z1$(U+2ETB)1J2D+^4D&F&1OH1%-
(B?8F%:
2B

69O(TX]+WX]$!.:-)P-
LA)#2#-AXE




^+EM]^G*M?5^N)IE
M65@54'?QP8%L:/;5:DTRUE?)+6GI!$(SZE[[@GDN1$K#3+FR!@,AP!$XV`
ME;[FK$'HLY#$SD9ALB)1N1*7S
T
2PX#TT(ZV&Z$
;%K0UANNIM0YBTYJXG

MBX;G==_.\[@:M9ZGR]36\Z2U=SW[KWZD;%*S+R]_2K

T*6S0B4_I^

9VA8^;VQOM/FN?;^XA-QLV][,+R:'PX^:Z#(BKYER-<1`\
M?N?6[,=%1/F?_^4?_V__ZW?GZ3*[J<9!X[;[6(U9&P^.UY-!X^0VRV+-EY_


$TTKSG87RBJT

M8_ZB


R]!X

M

;6FX:DIDIFADYK#9\2X9MDD[;!
-VT3#-AD/VZ0=MHF&;;76

M?R-FQ'EH3)5A
%4T3/UL:/PM.`^-O_4PG;]Q)5&=DD9_TR5&LTRZ2%KSE'#0
M
#-OCQQ





)O




$0U/1

2T7!$-`P1#3]$PP[1J!#1
MJ!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1J!#1HD)4
MI$)4I$)4I$)4=

M%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2):5(B*5(B*+A5BE:4M73)$

T[!-A&-A&-A&-A&-A&-A&-A&-A&-A&-
MA&-A&-A&-A&-A&-A$M*D1%*D1%EPI1(=K2)4-4B+9TZ1`5HBU=0D2%
M:

MK::#=&VQAM:[1;H]T9;==J


MTK!3-.P4#3M%PT[1L%

MS+;VI;;FR1CTOA

M3T7#4M%P5#0
C\FY
QG3;H_4H



MK6'QT#5]!6F7;;@M(^.V:+C]G:T1@&9KW=R(13UR%XM8G-M8I%5[&XND-1_]

;#+AD/C^J^C4?3



/@H&CZ6OC%TM]=8









M:KCVKEQR'$&W/AXTRJ].RVX9MIB.S4;;5%N:=BNCK8UV8[2-T;9&NS7:G=%V




8KE)N/9Q
CMM


8B?2X_=X1:)@Y/3


P3%V_SSFX!AS
M.(\Y.

MQ+.S\
PQ[#H+SQS#KK/PS#$\.PO/'
.NL_#





MQG7




KY3Y%=X
MYOR
+\D(SQR+;\


+/+
LOLT&SRR+;[7!
\OBVVWP

P3'F
(LY.
;N

D


M5UF&E7$=;AE6QC4E/^EE_8QK2LNP
LYCEF'E6?CIQL3/L_#3

ML`PKI^&G&Q
_I^&G8U@Y#3\=P\I8%UB&GW'NMPPKX]QO&5;&N=\R_(SSNV58



KBQ[CQT_:+
PEA&ZN(:UC/C%-:QEAZN82VC2]P#M'.@




\OP+.[%6H9GL=:P#

MM8QIQ_K%
Q^G(\L
M8_?C?&097PDYX6TF_KJC`7*LOB?^+OPTKBF[DX?DXL[6I8QN;BZL(S)Q=6%
M94PNKBXL8W)Q1\LR`A17'I:1@'&U9MEK&

?Y\M;
/XX]AZ
/XY]!../8[^#




1%DN[I17$YTNDB\^(

&21\BC
M)4^09TM8



M7B&OEKQ!WBWY@'Q8LH7X;(EDN;-]=I=)7O(WI)[R(,E!\C!DCG$1S`Z&
4

M[-:RWZ#?EE`A]+KR;!YL[MDBV


I$LGG
M4:21SZ([R)W=@QUD9PD%P-72VG[#!P4`N_%L$VSKV6VP6\LB97W&1L+Z?(UT


%4[K2SAR84G*U@6\NV?

MEAP@!TOFD+DE\BU)4O(TI(59&7)&G)CR0:RL63+A_V]O-YMY`[2W:0G25[


&2.61N

MOHWN8+^+;L%'7#?V$ZZWD(

%\F+)*^35DC?(FR7OD'=+/B`?


M?





M:\DMY

9C%R/-^G4B)'E0JI5&JD
Z54&
M9%2)2%0ID$*E1(XJ%5*IU$BMTB`GE8`$E?*.-04%JO__CZ5!@LH9Z50&)*K
M2%+9D*PRL2%_TOWX
[*H)2IK,BJLB&[2D:R2HNT*F?DHM(AG4J/]H#
JI$

JK
R**R(;O*




BBDIDLB*KRH;L*AG)*BW2JIR1BTJ'=H]TJL
R*@2
MD:A2((5*B1Q5*J12J9%:I4%.*@$)*@LQ(O3IR=HR(;3JB:P(W7HB&T+#GLB.
MT+
GDI&LTB-T#
I[!H2F09$1H6]0))194+H'I3WS`@-A*4R3#6)E3)
-8F

-
-*%NAYEH
M0MD.



M0HP]


M970R

M)'6[Y]_O01%)7$Z6;
_#R/UE(@L\!





MFN+OK]7TUA;$7_G!GZOI$LUE.JFFW?S2^5C.[0'_^+7J+J41F'_8HIN?.B5+

A`9
M?1*(A4Q#$\O@4*R)K




MRIWRE_7-PB7@G
*8(J&J$XF:X$TDZNPT:TJD(%(2J8C41!HB+9&.2$]D(#+Z
M)!`2G94OI'1N!H=B363E



*&3]+JV*'/+N6#!J+1HC3/G8BVC44CEO*02-<=J&+46+8.J
M+J

&HMB@2.
M

M[;[P$UK=SC)G9H+#=$0;U^WDEGEN!:-R+NFB50JKN6C#J+5HBXO/ZYZB+*[C

O&Y/


F



6D8=HY[1P&@



4E#I'\HQB/P4.S\0OCJ=6

Z?:;5;K
]G&'=&OU:+AVM0#:-6T!1GL[B]#OX7


MT`R#8@'//)2:9K/BSF



MX@(W@J;`6+(=/F!M?Q0XU/-
)KWF3-HB
W_D*1'UF)D4W)WT7.\69M;'_8_D

M6.2
D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6,!D9C@$)935X;RWIF-#)WS5,N[?1YHF&28]#
M7:

&H9=8QZ1@.C

Q;9\%C$(F]N(&.4
RH8
ME8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH8C0$*A3HS.ME
0Q'_+B'()1\9HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36
M6D8=HY[1P&@

[

=\P!SRA(E;F91H#!Y%5RP=`5]A:-Q

MR'WBX1A)$)8KBDJ9

M&AB-`0JE.C

!D9C@$*ASHR(S$QZ+-2$S/3(

MM8PZ1CVC@=$8H%#9


G
M\!+:]0XUQVD8M8PZ1CVC@=$8H%#P7QP4;7E09-&-?SN?O/Q!D?6Z]5LLC:9*
MZ^45K!C5%GD#K(91RZACU#


\L9%8Q*1A6CFE'#J&74

MGWC\ON

6D8=HY[1P&@

:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:

6H9M0P:AEUC'I&`Z
Q



\.-XMX7XI:/+QGAXS:
M`(4*G4EV









MOA;D8C6


CN4P1R[
M9D$93!-KEC4LIRXK_IT=#%J)?8(MT95(-SA(C:]@F!2



5
P?#PIU$E5=3)8S+0`E\'$
M#30+`4L9HZ`RV:)#%3!6RI8#$S!FS!E`B.1[
TL)CY`RZ3XDA3]4@Q=XSC
MT33(83%38ARM@
7

M^_P[6#N1F.?[;


MJ!:LC$G
@@PN4\%BUF6P!:M@$K
\@RU8#)
TJ@5+:&!EEQ@12$TTPIU$E5


R*2+9@]2@T



5
M6[!!6)*I%FP-EIA]LK@
=@A+S'99;
%&88G9-8LMV(L,9MGL04[A25F#RVV
M8,.PQ&REQ19L%88CU2S8MQ/C7TW1=(5V/3WNC%L(=$M5W;;'M31%
UA
3O'

ZF@5[ZT$=S8*-5A.SX2?7#?NM)F;?
M3[9@VU6HHUFPPVIB=@'E


M/9;$?&J$+?@L2V*^.
(6?)TE


MTP%+.:3%EP#?`T$&F@6?@)&FCW;7PO1IH%GPV1IH%GP]1IH%GQ$1IH
M%GS()TE5=?#QGB13+?A@3V*^-
-'BH_T).:#
VS!MWH2\Y$9MN`K5ZB!5C=\







O

2YX;6R4G5MSV\:RMN^_JN\_N'R_8U$4=:HDNR(2!
#ST8=++T=)

M?OGJYQ^[*_3ZX_T_7Y/_?O'UCX=_ZB\??UU\_'R/RXU$20K^]?#P;S%M?Q4$

_S?W'W__XAGR/Q.7#PY_H7]??/HH(LY

M8J00XSS&&.(H8XS+'T979\/!=P2YB$'P;PQR?O[#^?5H
.H.Y43W.-#N%/!O


M





MB;PF\H;(6R+O4I)I`XO1=VE#[+%X0&I]WGE%B$:GQ-&;].(@4A&9$JF)-$1:
M(C






JH9M0P:AG-
M&



G




MZK#:88W#6H?-'#9WV

9A6X?M'+9WV



IHQ
MFC-:
%HR6C%:
]HPVC+:
=HS.C`Z

$9W;

UHP6C):
5HSVC#:
MHQVC
Z
#IF*

M.T)Y&%UF*Z)DSZM6AB:
*D931C6CAE'+:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
_H

OBC6-6:EX5M%%G[&:*XH#U^D:V%6&GZI
MR

UVS5
&H9S3C6G*T6C):
5AQKS58;1EM&.XZU9ZL#HV.&\@0^




T





].QX8'3/'/%M2E.EWOTFV0K$F





9
=K%T#'[
HN1@P

M/

MY5@U6S6
6D8SCC5GJP6C):
5QUJSU8;1EM&.8^W9ZL#HF*$\BUD5S'9U4KPN

M6=[;-0JWX

W5T6(M%%FL)3NN&*W5T6)M%%FLK2*S
MVG&L/5L=%%FL8^:89TN*75ZV0A$LRU9`
@LE
T=QQSZ^B-6S=%M*\IF8E6:^



M
GU


%K3RYI5I9CRM&ZV?UN%''M




M.)B5]GB


*H832/*]G(4JV''EM&
8\W9:L%HR6C%L=9LM6&T9;3C





)T1$5
]GX%]3ZQ5E51%E
S74T:U.7:O]!:?B&BL

5J;XXGI8&-6&G[+L7:
]N;8;2\'1=WR



T9S12?7PH59:?BE(@N_8K16


MD4&1/9B?



!:ZT
ML*+(9KEQ1

M*ZM4M8HLUHS1G&
MU


M
')V+<K!6#7O
8F1ZN
K*


T9S=EPP6K+CBM&:

MNRX8[1GQP.C8^:89S$KS]FHON+R7$39%PV
Z$

MJ945*J:

T5S1R;X6:G7R[)9J93VN&*T5




M+159K!6CM2*+M5%DL;:*S&JGR
+O%9G509'%.BKJ'/
L9E5!)XO%C?T55PL5

DN\!RP\#/7LW
M4C(!%C=2$6'?DL8MGV^8E2[$T85HRFCFE'#J&4T8S1GM&T9+1BM&:T8;1E


+W4EOFR:IBJRFC
MFE'#J

9HRJADUC-H
Y6?RR%WF%=]E


M



M9.^Z5A$E

44UNC04S1K2*6[TVZ*[+D=3C?#424


-T[]:.#M
MDKS6+E


JHY5J-6%KY5


MTNV!7


M&]9L)`0D'\[IIXK15;&5'=_T5J830A5;31G5C!I&+:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-
MHRVC':




&LHDFW+3F

&B
M[*`)8M`$,6B&#1!#)H@!DT0@R:(01/$H`EBT`0Q:((8-$$
FB`&31#)HA!
M$\2@6+0!#%H@A@TD;)$U(M2&85TX0TE(M/8$G^,4\0PSQ!#)H@!DT0@R:(
M01/$H`EBT`0Q:((8-$$,FB`&31#)HA!$\2@6+0!#%H@A@T00R:(`9-$(,F
MB$$3Q*)E!6:2*LEV3S!]9+!6616U($FB$$3Q*`)8M`$


M$24QT].'HGI795`4

M.#@++'GG!

2BG]TV[*!Z[0$R]F78!
M
5$XB(D8Q-3[IET4SRN@K]Y
NX^*!ST10SZZGW3+HH+!7WU9MH%]$7AH]B

MG'&-6%FR!$*=P2Z;UD?7Q5-9J+

NX`Z
M*1S420SJ=+JX*
S/M`NJD<%`G
:BS
M]TV[*X4U-F;:1=0)X6#.HE!G;VO=4$7NKLS;0+J#

M_('E+XJ-BK.$
(-9



MZ7XI[1J*&D!DN4S*]S['`S6S!VT3AU4.FRK+9
+Q&K5+2I2MPV;*DGAS98GO


M5BL[W1V$%8_*[PXBH]`0&3&(+

M[U4^LER^N[_5]N2:0JG4'93ZG.X@WKR[0@D0
H6&D(E!R
_I#MK.NBLVJY!Y
M&KF0N11+79F'*FHN\\#2%\8'




MB,&A?6^$KNX]X#8^F8-#;&E80JQ2176%5LLSV9BRQ]#7F`A;^;@*Q.!C41
M@YHBR]1$#&HB7RB(&!1$OE`0
2B(?$;8I`-^4(VQ`;\H54B$$JY`NI$(-4

MQ=Y

#T1@\@RT5&#(C7RB*&!1%
MOE`4

M)F0'F1#3(A!)A0/,B$[R(089$(,,J%XD`G902;$(!-BD`G%@TS(#C(A!ID0
M@TPH'F1=I`)

I%3IRB34

0$^]

^T6@SLT6M5R%-*I(D\G_I$PT`^3T6;
MK\CPJ_-Z'!!I@/B^650)C$H
S+SQ5Q&#
HD7\B1&.1(OI`C


=U8
MZ:,X&*EVE`<SO'8_A6='%THD^=$%ADVAK06CF^)%`1Q=;Z;#B.(&`80
8P?
M8A@^Q#!ZB&'P$
/8(8:A0PPCAQ@&#C&
&V(8-L0P:HAAT!##F&&(4,,(X88
M!@PQC!=B&[$

2B(&!1$#`HB!@41@X*(04'$
MH!B4!`Q*(@8%$0,B(&!:6L4)#4-!(%V403BAVY3*3UZ23VX_BR2-T8G:)
M4!A*0PA%8;0D.(A2'4PA!R80B],(1@&$(Q#$9AM`

M6:(K8I`5

2@%6*0
S#XB$79(=<$$

Z!-?2$]O


D8
&2.&C!%#QH@A8X&%2])]0@L9Z^V2C)T76SEDK#?3PT/&






;1G)MUJ


@G




M\YR2




[0;V6





[WX6+F=R/;TV7*XS


EQ>L>
M


MSUO#X2?U)[?M3OK#GT=B7F%




MB9(HB9+X`%MTLPGZQ\%F@;Y^OXG17'B^N;/Q

G[WGKD5HOZ7L)''@_Y/XI[H:`T8V!


MD\J

M`1E4$I)4)C*=-=.
9)4%65169%

M-$BKTB&=2D2B2H\
*@E)*B
RJF3RR9K/@BPJ*[*J;
BF4IBLB.[2H_T*@,R
MJ0DJ8S(J#(AD\J


M57JD5QF0024A265$1I7


M#/36UWX=VORXXGU@4I%JDK@.D&OTRM2H=T*A&)*CTRJ0DJ8S(^$8-36?

S1
K
M!\Y]NW\^[9&D
B%9946*RH%4E4QL66-;D$5E13:5@A25'=E5#N14.9\^(/;T

M([O*@1PJ`S*H)2IC,BH,B&3RHS,*AG)*@$)*@W2J+1(J](AG4I$HDJ/]KE
MPOSS9'/]CNPJ!W*J5*2J-$_

M)*KTR*R7:XOV]L)CN]6-04I*CNRJQS(H7(BITI%JLJ(CH3
JG
R*R2D:RR

M$8DJ/3*H)2IC,BHDLDG:SX+LJBLR*JR(9M*08K*CNPJ/=*K#,B@DID
B*C
MRH1
*C
RJS079LVW2B7O?K=[)*E
2%99D:)R(%4E$%MX$!MK%Y66-JU*AW0J

Y52I259H+?VN[V!JI1Y+*A&25%2DJ!U)5

MZ54&9%!)2%(9D5$E

M!'H+VEN#MH=TJE$)*KTR*2D*0R(J/*A
P/A/6!9IH9@ZRR((O*BFPJ!2DJ


MMDU

MW:Y(50GT%K2W!FE5.J13B4A4Z9%!)2%)941&E0F9518R7333%5E5-F13*4A1
MV9%=Y4`.E0$95!*25$9D5)F0265&9I6
9)6`!)4&:51:I%7ID$XE(E&E1WJ5



M]+__^?C'JW\]??GZX?.GGU]/WNR]?O7TZ?WG7S]\^OO/KV^NZ_\Y?OWJZ[=W



O/]+&Y]]^^_#^:?'Y_3\_/GWZ%AKY\O3'NV_H_]??/_SY
M55O[^/Y'FOOX[LL__OGG_[S__/%/-/&W#W]\^/9_0Z.O7WU\?]K]_=/G+^_^


M1[3]05\UE?93*OVHKYI*

MYO!A[E^\^_;NEY^^?/[W*UQ2







M&B(MD8Y(3V1)9$5D361#9$MD1^2R61*R+71&Z(W!*Y(W)/Y('((Y&SLQP5
M*8
5S%]
&;$H4R80DS*VK!V5QI0A4A&IB31$6B(=D9[(DLB*R)K(ALB6R([(




M8::*B
PUQ&SSI-62K/0%@P55:Q5,VH8M8PZ1CVC):,5HS6C#:,MHQVCT:7
MC*X873.Z873+Z([1/:
'1H^
D$_YJ)7I)`NB+)W&R2DLE(JY



0AH06C
MBE$=T4&^BSL]
OMU3=+2RU?+J&/4



&K9L&/4L^&2

.H9=1Q6SUK+1FM




[AD]


&H9=8QZ1DM&*T9K1AM&

+AE=
;IF=



NH8
M]8R6C%:
UHPVC+:

;KFMFXBDK-]


MA')7;/1;;SD6CZ\LF/#


[IA=
OHCM$]

M

MK89I&Z=15!SQQ
RK;=+2(W8_=





IE?EML739;YU'AZ*
M=@UM)]K4B?#H:CG'=2I.)T3/:/E#AUJI8=C2

M_TLU+.(_

M)Q[5





M
+ID=


/39
MDT^
%HPJ1C6CAE'+J&/4%ZATSFSGC\[Q)OXTHK0Q

M0(5S

:H9-8Q:1EU$Q7
6]#Q77QB6_II-OY=6
MO+@

&H9=1%E-\_Z0JMT^IF-+'GHP$SI$64WF.:


M&76

%HXI1S:AAU#+J&/6
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC'8%*L-IZF]=


M\SM;AU+4.^7%P

MIBYUJI5ZV2L:6S8ET3(I:
LK1:F9-:.-HK%E4RUODX*VO%


UJH83X6]!I(Q89U1(?IG&@8M8K2S-9Q6[UJI;:6C%:*4EMK;FNC
M6JFM+:.=HJ&M
L)F&?7B/





MCUK%U!




M*)O:%IB'AB5KMAZ/*-.J(T)7=:YM%*7YHE64)IJ.4:\HM;54E-I:*4IMK1EM
M%*6VMHI26SM%@U893K/('6M-7;F._IX?!B3/`HZ#.=LS-_7G42O?`5$0(^&
M!R;M*E5*J_E:46XWLP\9-$E+1Z:-2/8]Q@/2HX=&J8C]HK*(YJN+I.6'G'U



MI;:VC':*!L/BE#EZ9K4[\+*JC0@324K$V9X9Y'G2TA`L&%6
:D8-HY91QZAG
MM&2T8K1FM&&T9;1C=
'HDM$5HVM&-XQN&=TQNF?TP.B1$;XT\^QS]$?/+.D'
M;G(FKO*+ST[

R93R`--.0.9'0V]:!_QSD5$Y0PT
M,2_!S)-6FH%6UD-5+%6S:AAU#+J&/6
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
+AA=
KIB=
WH

M6T4^$:K9L&'4
NH8]8R6C%:
UHPVC+:

M/3)/N5#5.;3,_M)1[R?%)')&;-/-D]:*6=6T7.$*K9L&'4
NH8]8R6C%:
MUHPVC+:




*+];S&@1478S

.T.;=@5#&J(\JR
MHV'4


RN@

8LHU0P5:]41(4#:
MQX91RX8=HYX-EXQ6A6$9@F?*Y6
NER



OMB/*9**(B7L$PFV
JUJHCRK0:






33[/6PX6=&$'):1/D@157W`.S
M(


E1*C





ML$P/@T=Z&#S2PX@1PXB1+4:
&$:
;#$\Q#`\9(OA(8;A(5N
!3&
16#8?\3X

--
M#



WI


P('AAPWU<'/&-R++%7J
M<(\8W-;N$0
+N6VQB6I23R70JU2NA19RC

7F#97`.7B

[%BB6_%^G
M_N;


SH=0V)3!4Y8N-(A4@/B\I28)PA(8/I2D#*&(+
U\2`AB


F.V;5YOA?M##R[SJ*MPG

;V$M;/M$4=6#F;S1-

\F9



WBZ9?9OCD[YZJF1:J18YQ#
Y#K8
#CR/(BE1D\'FUE
JJ$SV6FERU<5;WD_QC`<#+(I4


[!RGX`W?N+'TN-BWGX3&&

MX

M@E[&

@]






\*0R9/

6(;7`R$]%PJ;2B_6.(0@U


M]


=R/
\.FR?'B(LKDQT%Q


BXNS*X)N=1
M6-G2W`

_LEYY


G1Q(OWT9.CB1/KIR=#/B?33
MDZ&+$^FG)Y.'-W$\W-;@?)$'
110XF+)Y-'B4NG@S]E#H+#\UR7-!/J:5<&?HI
MYZTK0S^EEG)EZ*?42ZX
_93SW97!1






+[2R3WQ(X'5YL]V1[QY#A9R58AC!+'8(7XEF&6$L=XLHP!%*'N#(


@R/U)^N#

CYY$KDU^&.!U^:(#]D]]N09MN7.0W
3(<
MZE.Y\EPO$

\R!=7
M)C_)@YQP9?!ABG

MX)K4K:X

M7LR0?E/)04^&])M*#GHRA%G6OJX
89Y*K#T[A%G6Q:X
899UL2M#K&5=[
HP
M!%

7I4;!KS]R7F-X#J0O
MG@S'.Y`V/1G:E&L'?E28V\1//XN9)\+H2!GB=A.C(V6(*\/H2!GBRC`Z4H:X
M
!LY[D'&$X=\.`;\2<SEW)`I*%*\'G84[E0R8<
M('PEYE2^9\*2!A+YK`E+\%&84_FZ4OP;9A3^<B)(SG&!3\\P6W6+_BRU:E\

R=R7X'!.BX\6Z@D2^-

M!-]=0@P\R3G\.7?]F4



M\-E81



M@L@#


MLDI!BDJ'=IAQ76FE;U5PXJ/Q97-L@NR5@GT(&@/(A)5,I)5M*I5*2J-*2I
M]
C@0FZ@]]@`09UP7?'X[`R)2%1)2%+)2%8I2%'ID$ZE(E6E(4VE1WJ50C:D

B

M&9E5ULA:98-L5+;(5N4&N5'9(3N5BE25AC25'NE5!F10&9%194(FE8`$E8A$
ME80DE8QDE8(4E0[I5/8D6?8:9#D@MRI'Y*AR0DXJ9^2BPAM[R4J3=D
B.S

I4!&54F9%*9D5EEC:Q5-F^9=+![

MSJVB(S:A4@71NUI`NC'FWB:)/*C



`



MVT_W?SXV_G[Q^/'AS\&W3[]



MGQC:O?V/3UL7V3=BPS+?[U/:P3+NC_JGV3OXRO?`IYZ[^_[I_4\_?GOX\X6N
MAVKVQ]_?NZMKJW!1ZCZ[]LRY%]?5Y(
K?NO*OWNI'Z?^^5'TWS_=O&[]^.K?
MNBQ\J


@:9@%0@4Y`9




@.9
M@RQ`EB`KD#7(!F0+L@/9@QQ`CBWMT1W1)TF2MSCWCTT[7-*1+:O?M-DL_M



-&JB*9$,Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+9$.Z(]T8'H20C
MH6UE)+*TP5
CN9RF9:0ZU]DT4HW\J`OW:JWC7IJ[KBRB+E&/J$\T(!H2E40C




MT^YCJ1#^$%`

M-G%YG;V-#RT=-](L[1N[1+T::91.V-



M[+SJUJ4N7Y\&%[;:[;=9B5Y=HI%BZ1
-GK6U8;:UR\O7V06H9.@1T?A96YND

FVS#NEF@7

-:]2(
M53+6B&C
6!/&JEAQ2C1CK#EC+5AQ2;1BK'5`\7AM6'%+M`L5X['?!Q1C'0**
MI8Z

U&RWQ$ANP+]EI!-/WXW4Z++YF'Z97_[K0A=O3KWO=7XB
M=Z-^]EE`



M3HWDSHZ1+V`XF'J$PTBK&&1&5`
=:(:!Q0C#4AJ@**L:9$LX!BK#G1(J`8


Z6/3)\YGEU@

=&$J*:$LV(YD0+HB71BFA-M':$NV(]D0'HB.1K.4;
M
MQBM:^REE:/=2[1Z+&:S9\:S26T+:
YGO58'B6W6!XEM@+JN4]I4_/UB09$
M0Z*2:$0T)IH05413HAG1G&A!M1:$:V)-D1;HAW1GNA`=22K7P3I;=89)VD




MDK=!:E*7TK9



=B(Y$\N=Y+TZ[V6Z]







M?:BH1^:SCV[RL=X'

1Z)




-6'%(5++BB&C
BA.BBA6G1#-6G!
M6'%)M&+%
M-=$FH#@J=



O-D7S?J89=[`<6[LC[1(`?

=B(Y$\F7]]L/OX^5E]E))CT7+MY



MFA
M`HJQED2K@&*L-=$FH!AK2[0CVA


:

P_
M[%G'4B'\ID;IL
^\4]N&BG$G=D1[H@/1D4A+\OE7-&'X
P9WW=[%$F'7M41?

KWQ&O=D9UJB9Z]1,Q=.U`LH'I,^T2@F(X=$I4!Q5@C
MHG%`
H1]0G&A`-
MB4JB$=&8:$)4$4V)9D1SH@71DFA%M;:$&V)=D1[H@/1D4C6JE^I^-O3=M[5
MJL
Z%VAT6)X9=V]7+K]M=5@^[YUT6!XU[]Y.M=
!
$0]HC[1@&A(5!*-B
9$

M%+5E-

?R*+G%XN`J]RP3



Y!.[B9'J='#S_BQ_?=RY\H7JR_K592L?7!4+!)_W:M2X





M*[JXN




MP(I#HI(51T1C5IP05:PX)9JQXIQHP8I+HA4KKHDVK+@EVA'MB0Y$1R*YS;=M
MHR%E
+).4C?M!5W^MV&P















MCW5YT$@OM8^E:

MMXB%^TB



M3BKZCKEP'W92T0?

WX(7[OI6*/@4O^J:B
M+\(+][4KZ^C4TM.AFWG!T#2[ASN'+$W?SFLOK/N)@10WL0'C:2(#'2%+T;0$



S!+0FD-9QM6JY@&XR9YY?FB5<1\]2-%FXCI&E

M8BG.IK9+G4EMCW:E=
UH6CE23K2VHP4DY41+T3J2A5LCC[]'IY;+2?I!L-G5


I6DRE2F4J:F,I,R-Y6%E(6I+*4L364E
M96TJ^DWNG6W;S!!UG-8QM3M%M(^$.Q!=<UL]*3U3Z4OIF\I`RM!42BFEJ8RD
MC$QE+&5B*DO]U*7Y2U=2UJ:RD;(QE:V4K:GLI!Q,Y2CE:HC*2-3&4N9F$HE

5`Y2#J8RE3(UE9F4F:G,I<Q-92%E82I+*4M364E9F<I0
MRM!42BFEJ8RDC$QE+&5L*A,I$U.II%2FXFQJN]29U/9H5TK7C-:3TC.5OI2^
MJ0RD#$SEV%(FK&7E6'32N6REK76<UC&U3DLYR99UISR04IK*6$IE*C,IU-9
M2=F8RD[*P53TFUR6W-16^DEK\Q=MI&Q

MIE))J4QE*F5J*C


MI0PRZ4[Q;&\Y:W7-+?6D]$RE+Z5O*@
I0U
II92F
I(R
I6QE(E77IU_T.-/


M2P

9CDKLAP+;5N&

F/G[^=3]K7HF[*ZK+5S9N%KA67O-J7


Z]E(TK5<R7UW+WYJV.O_+&YE]*!YDV0?!


PDPRE%)
/Q_+_[D;7'WL4*#/K0

MV\U
O5LIOX9&PLTAQ7$(\0G)`D)0B)8D(22=DIDTN!U4TC`\EX:3Y7QW
MWDG2#(T&:0AQ?$(\0D)`D)B0B)4D(2:=D)@TN-94T#,^EX60Y'N8[0AQ

M0D)(D)B0A)TBF9Z8!30:4#PW
=.
%6$;M@1XA#B$N(1XA/2$!(2$A$2
P)


ME7JT6DY4X:U6JZ[:7BY


ML4!#9.D!(!D;B



M%'^HKT0X\KY
N:]4V+N^Y@O!ZE/50O1UZS@ZV^1H-3T









M:D&EBK&I+A8,3:5!74K1JRH#I%)JHL]KV%!U[:O[W!D+M[2]I-NPW&I3)X
M&PQ+9?`WZ%MEB#9(#94AWB`S5(9T@\3H#
8P+/PT


M:&5E='

E-MNXR`0AN]7VG=`W-?XD+/B5
E6W:VT*ZU6

M1%OE^


WW^GXP


MJMIM\?N%





MI9]

M%?_F\8@IO8M%.U&(5C#,[!.W75]:Q\MUOWS0,(&3&U'*_Z#ZDJT!C6\!&3L
M-$?:#[A?6-5!YC[RL*\]K\UO


M2P

[O8/*`G_
OV+XZ
_=B^OZ;VQ/3ZZ^_[R


-:HLTOQQ

M]TX

D&N8!
W['
M
9C$((U!%H
\!D4

B2R(+(E41%9$:B)K(ALB#9&M


%HR:ABM&)4
UHSVC!J&&T#%(04

)HQ21AFCG%'!:

:H9
MK1EM&#6

MD:U/@NCU$`XM?T/XV=1W[VCAB-&4T8I8PR1CFC@M&4T8Q1R6C.:
%HR:AB
MM&)4
UHSVC!J&&T#%`;0S]X,T,REC5#UN@!%-3-EYKIG!&C,:,)HY11QBAG
M5#:
IHQ*AG-&2T8+1E5C%:
:D9K1AM&#:-M@



IHS6C!:
JH8K1C5C-:
-A8%


MM4/]ZT/X1U;+0V-&$T8IHXQ1SJA@-&4T8U0RFC-:
%HRJABM&-6
UHPV%@VZ
M=1[3!#:

M-D!AL





42Z&



EHTH


M^8W:A



KXGAD

NA5)[K(Q1+L@9%HRF@IRO&:-2D/,U9[00Y'PM&56G*\5






P@C^9*T1S3A&4

MSM!U@]0`S)V6N%^PKR6CRADZ]^AEH^65E5





:^2M::
M
UHP6K*OBK56C&I&:_:U8:V&T39`87A_


MNU\RJL37FR6N1

VG#$J
MQ=#YF@MROA9LN&14B:'SM1+D?-6G-::?6U8JQ'D?&T#P[`Q04JI$30\BF'
MO(%A]/HU

MW%`W3BQ%;06UEQ)FBYEITI[W;@;*GX





M$O/ZR1)
9N!*-0DF

M




NIL1L-6$)=B[A2C4)-BWA2C4)]BXA$S4)MC`E9AL*EX-M2\A1
M33*$9*A*L/

0[!=CJN`;8;(@J:!)L'D6^:!%L!46M-@HU]J($F
MP;9DE*/5#;N3$6U-@DW*B*DFP2YDU$V38#
RG@5-@CW)R'A-@B
&N!ZMSUI#
M8C:C\WW#Z0)$09/@%`'N@289H@9FPS![PX9R9*(FP;YRY)LFP?YQQ%238!LY

BB(]6:YP507PT8Z,(#Z:!&=$!]-@J

MX'07HM!.FL2]

X[H

%IV



MNTC
J74N!Q^]2



M
0=^UGXPZ[G[

MAY_N'V]N-]O[UZ_^]O[KM^


M(GST0OKY8V=&QW



M\/;;V[_^_.7SOU_1T$^ZKW^^=1/)YB_.B1^>_T
K_\Q`$KI-
MDL46+#FD($O!

I@)1`
M*B`UD`9(Z0#T@,9@(Q`3D`F(#.019,HA33S00K=Y+:N7'\=/8TME)%A'SA



R!%(#J0`4@*I@-1`&B`MD`Y(#V0`
@(Y`9F`S$`63:*\




MT81H1K1X=#ZL*


J



MS+


XX,RXZ,?`Z/'9QF3\;Y?CTU=P2DHU\MUN[W9)/YK$PXX.+9ZBDN

M=8E^*D1UXOIQDZP1&F7`KEOTTR'JE5+-Q7@OX[&/Z.V$:%(!W&79I1^FF)4!
M'_L2^8DKPK665$6\.&'[5I2N%.Y.29'OW6=:SF4AT]C!8)EGT82]2A7*#65A


MZ[OT0;51!NRZ13\=HEXIK]WBRHP#C.CMA&@*2K_6N'U
1MU96;#O)7(4ET32
M#0PE@5T_]XFN\S0L]^T^


MO^=A/O-

M&#X&*S
.

MA-^F#^&%
N
`);


OPMCJ6)98/*&Z.B9[JT%
PE1&*P
3-Q5Z*X.9N*N
M

%H



-@8F0]D)W4W!3#[U




M4`X&&U%Z0C09RME@2R2-$^KZ1BJA80KW_22=.(_B*3RII_TM6ZU3^&/ZZOJ@
M#+C@
[H&RSS+)K!5ZEN:$L#%:BMPI1;2@;@[4H[1#UAG(PV!B8GL'A

RXOC+/HHE\C:E0
MKI1ROT#+J5!F'*#$`!6B6BDEP.XF62\TRHP#M



M]N9;[_CUX**4WEWHWIUYW+UC%T[I-&V3Y875H$*`


3`K

5J*T0E0;RL9@+4H[1+VA'`PVHO2$:#*4L\&62!HG]$)K
MC\;7]

!L#$[L3NIL









M*=Z:P


UAJL
UAOL
%@H\%.!IL
-AML


Q@1X/E!BL
M5AJL
EAML
#@F\'2FOF^=ZWF&0QL/=H$]T1L''Y09GQH6;H[8@H5TJY%A@4&8<


-P2Q^`$P^!CX&


?1FJLF<!R5OFGZ3+G0*9<(!2_14(:J5TKTH<W\A
M.EV#*!-VWJ*G#E$?E/IR[=(O?PW*C`.


M;M+-WAMEP;Y;=-0AZH-2W_NP-]:@S#C`&-CUY0`&G8)R/:'M)OU;5K.RX'A+

[NL55U=OLIUG(5W2;,RX'+


M46TH&X.U*.T0]89R
-@8F)[9URNBSGX*9G*19H
MGJW2.*
7^HH/V%=DY`:1

MNIL
L]E@2\RB?+H%EI7/


M^CV/QIEG:DUX1)0KI9O^-NG?&RV4`;LNT4^%J%;*L^NT@=XH`W;=HI\.4:^4
M
HCAS*K
.

M/SG8P699U'*UP@*Y8:R,%B)WBI$M:%L#-:BM$/4&\K!8-*3X@F0SD;;(FD




J`[L:M
*@=5#J

MYX1H4DJY8'#LLS+C`$OD+2XFU\M1Q?12(^UQ[?WH/T7*2&^FSHP&)3Z(@\&R
MP*2]=/1


M]%

M9F&7;FH_*P
.MT1^HBIQ2T%]W_.S_YG'O3Q&U%MBQ_O`9!PX&SS3WXCHAR


UYQX
EGFFINLCHMQ0%@8K45HAJ@UE8[`6



AJI7R?(O#MR64

.$)`2I$M5)*@%UZAS3*C`.TS-QX&H9`ZUT&+1G
MY?7+-B@S#CJBMQ.B22GET.L9F7&`19F%\\JKJ@?;-_1XS94FD?1$LS:`F`
M+//NHB7`:J90SD&5M\)@)7JK$-6&LC%8RXQ^\L7M/%


MGJV7/*Z2'VS?40\';GR/Z'






-B(TA.BR5#.!EN8&:L#



]6L-F/MKF

UGFQEFM&9S4)&D\]!+-Y@






'Y09)R3S3+TM.B+*E5(.`WL(

MH6P





MHXLW6-
752%]HCLN0WCF3+8

M9ANZJSA
(5`\E@R5Q\I@-3/ML1$H'EN&RF-GL)Z9]C@(%(^C0#F;$T
59F*F

M$5*F$5*J$5*N$5*N$5*N$5*R$5*V$5*V$5*V$5*V$5*Z$5*Z$5*Z(YCDV[7V
MC#7HAC;7Q+QZIKH/P4X8917L**G`**?`**7`**/`**'`*)_`*)W`*)O`*)G`
M*)?`*)7`*)/`*)'`*(_`*(W`*(O`*(F:)3E\J1\(8S

M+AZT'0^NE'`1
Z2


M


`A


`C%1
P*B;T2)6#'FF\`365


MOKEA*/UA*AV$5#HKU







M5`DK5/
A50(PJ@04TVV/D)(/:DH^



$HM
$HM^*/4@AUE%A@E%A@E





M



MC&I(Q&YM\)C^568J*+%@]U10X(H*A@5E(AE((%SH!H3.PY-:8=)B5&UT27


MG23:=:7


*H)$9][7LD02O4A!NR=
MZ@
\47T`H_H0\:6!0BS8/14+N*)B`4;%(N+S

MELIS:$YO?;LKRJ=GT3XPL-G[AJ6T0]5:[

*UM70^;QN'I
ACHI'3#@F%8_V
ME12/:Y.9Q;/VS^*EJF=Z#_C-EJ&4&54'0JJ.%:HU'E4'

M41F@F$8#A)1S4%/.@5'.44QI1DAIUNHDS:X1I=(L*P/?H8K2R5TK*ILP
:5_


O*%B

M%2:8@=!Z'2\/!BOW_=493M

M5)V]N+2@!A$T)IE%2PN&T=+@%1:JTL:W?@TJ+2`46GYT,HCU1%JB-04QT!
%%N5<W(0AEG`8&(2L(0:9!4;G![1O!U09IT&`

V)=B)@&`JIT=42H

MZ;:L@3/%+?7Z?`=[]EE@;YO;'09'Q3WA


M67$`



M`)3)^0'MV\%4QFD0F)+XU+=KG(VV6^'LV=
-.IVV#)6V]%`/

M;?Z!5


M
`T

MY*P(;!*S(GQ9-GR9!E]*SHK`)#$K`I!E`Y!I`*3DK`@M$K
B4Y#$C(0#*PD'
M'HCI$K



MNXCC+F*YBWCN(J:[B.LN8KN+^.XBQKN(\RYB?8BYE
3ZT+A`F)MH\];^$J=-

`Z+M(/TU

M&$R-]ZZ72?*QW5X+&3.L(`\%I@&!:4`P-=[.IDT
!!:'X:;AMVGX;?7PV^+P

M1J

M`2`C5!X`K#P`F`8`F3S*GT_V1$)4'EHL%+08!HT9/DK\RJ`9)P&`1`K"F
M`8B2XZ='[L_M90W@DB&J#RZU5L-EM)ZVN



IEMF==81I



==%


SM.5!P
X_/
M;'@M)PR78(XZRSVRAY@WKS(=1#;@ZF/`1^VAQ3UMKL%'))=#)T2X!%6$2)




[N\B[ELV[IN&

O&7-


2/AP$4XF.+*@6EPX



M))92GS?:%VDJ?[IOI\E?:X3*?Y-8RG_?:#^D7;HRQS'_W-^T_K/&:9!?A[@^


GZ[B-\A+J?_

MQ@@\')_B
OF[AN.9?%D$W-RUEB3^9XCJX[_5QW_3\%_)_#UV6#N1`8F
TR`@

ML
T-H\M46'KV@*]?Y\S0H-9#0I0$O/!%@AR$8*F6-KFS!FF09`GPXR+,&/9
M,&,:S@YSWD`Q$4`L6P`




MO



MH2UW+?7GO+`UP@9.A_V[!87BYK5*.]!B_(Q83TI
8X=6I:LC`H/BXM:=NX8D
M:%AUT#`--%3IZHC@HK@YXJG?P04\5AUX3`

M'M+@4QQ2[W-


=\TS/=D

C63




M\9EE@0\
+\I5\]FO?Y80C0D]



M



M

MR&'-,#(Y/$=[OML249H?)04DNUO7ZTGK:41*-JH22T=0T@


M9J]VGI]J%U[^T98`TM8E@-T==83-0S0OB5SO97QW6R($W7\2ESD^`HOV07'C


XOU=C9[2C
M=E

M$00L&P1


M*XZWTLI\C9LSKFB8:1IF6CW


MO%9]G3NP.4



#3.0^:0S\9(C&


`Y-
WGT%
MD




MR8N&!)QUR-WS


MBGD'RJ\4\]O\EEB&^2.MEOPKL7[(?Q)G=O-Y-*_*3&0^M^=AQN^_]:6
M.6W
MX78B/L_L&HG/+F*TBSCM(DZ[B-


MJ&GX:1IVFH:;IF&F:7AI&E::AI.F8:1I^&@:-IJ&BZ9A8M6:AZ/75#RT??;-



`T2




M@2CC-`@064$@

*`2<7$Y










1D]J02HT'K?7H``48KGM`&9<A)DIUAO<-AK


-3X8#%^%`8EZY8(JPDIBNP-RZ^.PB/M?L-D6


``H]RYX1[N;]KB#GPR1&.3ZW5\!E=KT^L[VUXA-:

N`@#E@T#





M9

H#2RW?8!D-IRTL






8Y\%_+:Y


C



'

0VW

MP$K!@6EPD


M:?CMR9CK(N9:-N::AKF17+K&[/8N8F?-;G:.WM5VMQ__Z':&MJXSVG[Q]G07

MUZ_:P1D0



MPD6(L&R(
`TB(KE\'!AP$08L&P9





MA`'+A@'38


DZ#0$B(S]U`Y0








[D49^[Q5I];
\0













M



:OE



MZ0
#D14$(M.`Z$6#`%'&:1`@LH)`9!H097+UMUU%`:*
TR!`9`6!R#0@\F0.
.82R[_:!A(6]M8#VU#O3T=<2Q.CG.C
MS<]/'7'SHKK=+/?*I79Z_U&^R#M]M75$3]FW!SQKE^M^Z2(
N+GC?9%VC
C

-E\KG^_-$

MAA3EK@.W!XV@)^
T

<^^M*F6,4QS'KB#/P,3[CQ3&


A5ANI0(8*PDPG@T=+D*'

#X/L4RR&#PXAI^)[)R;WM7*0<<(0%*P@))@&9E\
M91#@R#@-`AQ6$#9
@XU

Z2YBNF5C



M-]H7:;7BUYWX[1#+XN2[Q#+
#VFUY
^=^$MBR?Z]T?Y(JQ7_[L1_A[A;27#K

L;Q;+L3E:.$:KF?RY8[H
M]6P?`/+_X@P`IEB*`X!I`)#)E^*MO0

&:#JP&58,$T6,CD*]L'/#).@X'


M-#`(2;PZ


[_3UFL3RO1?S


&N*\:3B?Q3G(<?TQ/&C(/`T

TR#`))'_


GB
MG4$@*/

F^^E
MS:^/;*XNR@?4P!]47!I^;+1/TIX9Y'/-TR!?))9!OC;:-VG/#/*]YFF0'Q++


T
'!L8FD('*8!1Q;G(/;(#[QDG@:!ER'&

M/
3M0RZ.QKI5Z^A8T



M:P@EID%)%G=F0$PFJ#O$U$X+
;'&U1(S%K_RL.:L
;3Y.D!BGO)APD68V
29


MN[

M.S#PV





98PRHVY[PP5KPF
M.X<V78P<UK_,95Y0'GCEO+#^]BF9YZ8Q'2)U\YAX_O5D5=.J(@6BVKSC,6
M4&21@2*32R=@
(TH
CB.

YFG06#&
M&L*

MYG`-L[

8JFL8/+L8L5I++A-IY.A



K3

M:#

0U:O-H2,S/`=6





Q9J9<=Q%+'<1SUW$=!=QW45L=Q'?

M%3ADGO8&/+@($YA(L@X2)
#/'\

MHA8L9)X&@05K`JF04(6IVW^(OB:IT&`PQKAFFPT0^R+&;#1N9I$-BPAJ!A

E:J)H@VK7QO!$0C;SIB_$7P-4\?

M0XR+$&/5$&



:


MKR'.5SI#+%];0^`FEJD/`DV#0.\(;MX1PJP:PDR#
.\(3MX1@JP:@DR#(.\(




M`I&+00Q6T*,M808)69+\'`1/1F2UBPEK@Q&R)\2YBO%5CO&D8[\6X[(N

#;$\



MX

[P6


`TTO!@.7(0#JX8#T^#`BS'=



!


MK#P5FW/=82Q)378.;?[BS%[K?CPHC^O+RX1AQ&-ZY@D/3-_$LD#-C8)IF)[%



M')@&!UF\

M\&)







@\#+$_:V#

M=6

MA8M@

2:[B
E#W#[DXF@L0;6.CK6IR=&A

M'69JIQF9X[65R7-@N6B5-EU+7
2$Z\VQ$=]*G)@8B45[K[SX81MMPQ^=^$%B
MJ?[8:)^DU8Z?._&+Q-+Q:Z-]DU8[?N_$'Q)+QY^-]DM:[?B[$Y\D;AT7.V/U




;:[B.U6

M3K:%C


M_A27&6.


)9M8GJ^!
LO%Z:5??:A?#H+M$OE_
M=R[9\I@H==A`@FKKX7!ZZ7-)YJD8.3R__6!X67+*P/#BVK'7'*_?$D$/)FA


M

MK2(QKP)`RT70VL1R60):IH&6%\.1BW!DU7!D&AQY

MS\`A

`





MD1+?
ZY&^&Z-\-TT?

O
\


`TFO!@
7`0#JP8#T\#`BYD+7


M5KM#0I3RL#SO9M8K#S
8#


MN8MX[B*FNXCK+F*[B_CN(L:[B/



7-X]VOR)M^H)=8OG:
M_
U18OF*'`*WEF7F@T#3('`

&EVO#`PIJIT'
M7KYYA9[,TQ4&^$C<'1BD;&04FT=V+Y/!K/
T\!P9@WAS#0XR^+T\[3^?#?L


*T
MT\
7@?7F:6C3@QGW$I
@L'(1K#9QQLHTL/)B&'(1AH98_L`%8*PEP'@UTXF+




`XHLWMD$.
D\#0(GUA!.3(.3+.XV`68R0=UA



SJYH.X.5BO

;_S!/8^+^)91#\
M-PW_L_A\&IT?06%C*LY*%@C4#`-%+)X9PN@(_,T'180^@P#3JR^&SLIX

M

MQYI3.R&

]-..T/IJ$UYFG@QRS)?+_!9[FV[15ZX)`4U=8+E[7#S
M=2!09)X&A@J)NP-#RI97!H84U6YGRL,RVX)-)FA$N+%.<&,:W&1QV27K\_NP
ME'D:!)BL(39!DQ9G(.<UC=:`5CF:1`(D\C_K6D+=;%PU5(WEKDFZH8VO?3]

E6%A+L%!BM@0%%T'!JD'!



_BG4$@(?

M(W'](+$T_-AHGZ0]\U*RSS5/6_=%8AGD:Z-]D_;
(-]KG@;Y(;$
\K/1?DF;


&+L=U%


MF#G4KUYS2+QZ+M/
L167$PLD9
/\@-W
D7DB!CBL(78!AQ9G(/88]CPDGD:
M!%Z&N+]U,&0#PU`V/*]KVQOB2X)&A?K!$^FP5-VS\TRTT`L\S0(B`WQZF8M

M02RG84X

M

X
0U.LOC\

)

`+\9M%W';JG';--SV8JQU$6NM&FM-PUHOQDX7L;-6+W;&


3]80GDR#IRS.K;-!0SS-`B(U88+8K$N
M5A![]OOS%V,A;4)O:-PJ:UF$HDYOX6BZUB=/#.:Z!EA?#D8MP)#%?90$T
M-@S0*#$_)(2X$2LR4X6$MP4&*VQ'L7\=ZJ\=XTO/=BC'81HVOU;'2L5U:C

8D?[.^65


:BVM^9=N*+NO4R
M6-KTV([$\H0.^(WJ(H+?$


(+S8PO*AV=^M`*/
T
`A90Q`R#82R.#^@







L\#0QKUA#63(.U+$Y#V;SE9WO@+Q

K=V4D'D:!#L

ML8GEY

N`@35@T3IL&$%S
;N`@&5@T&IH&!%S
9N(CG5HWGIN&Y
M%V.SB]A

M'/B_]2GG=OPW#?__TG@@H;QV/.BPWM!A&G2HS^[V`8SRMO'LARZ@Q[I#CVG0
MHTZ[(P*4\G:O/V#
QH`QTV!


MU6







MK[LZ]O5-[.LNQFZ^B7W=Q=C--[&ONQC[^B;V=1=C-]_$ONYB8'L3['8QV+T)
M=KL8V-X$NWV




;R-:XTVAJUQK='&

6^-:HXUA:UQK

MC6%K7&NT


;[N-S=M=+?);[&*^+X=%]^-#%V-?WL3^[&)^3
M]=@^1L]C^-Y]3H8ZQGA=#
N/X7L7X[

M;-\A?.AB;#;KMGT
PS.NAB6'\/W


A
M]G478U\?8E]W
7;S(?9U%V


M7W=UKR/&ONYB\1+LV-==C-?AGV)?=[%X*7;LZRX6[[R.?=W%XMW7P6X7BW=@

MBY\_AJ4V%K]NC']MC

DUC7:SP)G-WRGW\8XA&+-HXV!9JQYM#$.H5CS:&.P



6^-:JHUA:UQ+

M.]3)AN]+0.:3D*^D+/F_?L^(U5HCC5BM-?(U#QK9UOL1J_5$&K%:3Z21K35#
M&K%:
Z01JS5#&ME:UVV9:U7VG5BM-=*(U5HCC6RM-=*(U5HCC5BM-39L[UKU
M5;_)[R^
;
L^&MF6$:NU1K[?02/;JC^)U5HCC5BM-=+(UEHCC5BM-=*(U5IC


MQEB7S1IC74;?78O_\]?#__4[0=]=B]/HNVMQVJK1U/G[6_MI8^Y:2^5Q_+-K

M&G/76FK+7*MR7(C56B.-;*TUTHC56B.-6*TUTLC66F/+7*OVM780J[5&&K%:
M:^1KDJVU1AJQ6FND$:NU1AK96FND$:NU1AJQ6FNDD:VUQI:Y5F7?B=5:(XU8



M&&9KL%]UCG[U.)HZ[J;1E-TUFK*'1E/VU&C*7AI-&5WCW'?_GZ=H_=?U\L'C
M:.JX@T93=M1HRD:-IFS2:
I.&DW96:
IFS6:LHM&4T8$G/OVN!`!Y[YM1





+/WKHUA9N]=&V/-WKLVAIF]=VV/_3?[X/?\-]+_^YU^:O2];-'H






MKE79/W*WUD@C5FN--&*UUD@C6VN--&*UUDACF%W[TQAKU_XTAMFU/XUA=NU/
M8ZQ=^]

?RO:_!




M-6:

M/#:
9U9A=0[TWF-D6_;1R+:




LFC6S+3AK9ELT:V6Z8YY39AXO]
MHZEQ(5O/*=/(UG4SC6R])I!&MEX32&/

!K#;&V3QK1U?T$:<]?]!6E
6VNB
M+7.MRG$A5FN--.:UM48:L5IKI!&KM48:V5IKI/'/KE5?54\0J[5&&K%::^1K
MDJVU1AJQ6FND$:NU1AK96FND$:NU1AJQ6FNDD:VU1AKQ6#-DW\EHS_6)-**S

/3F.[6
M8&E


MN][N:ZU:-)JR5:


V:S1EQ.-Z


MI9&M]5(:L5HOI3'
UB]IC+7U2QK#;/V2QC!;OZ0QUM8O:0RS]4L:W;8.V5=]
M1M^M-=+HMK5&VJK1U&LR=ZT'TSX:31W'/[N.[6NM&CR.IHYCK%W?TT:-IHYC
MF%W?TQAK:Z(TAMF:*(UI:TV4QMRU[DECVEKW;)EU08X+L7KM(HULO7:11JS6
M$VFK1E
YD*W7GC:



MG\98N_:G


M5N6X$*NU1AK96FND$:NU1AJQ6FND\;MDK;%EKE7Y3#5BM=9((U9KC7Q-LK76

M(_;E==_)@;6CC1S8E]=&#NS+:V/NLN:T

M7[^-;-F7U^]'MNS+:R




M?IEMS24^)W_'T




MC6T







MM2;*U^2?7:MR7(C56B.-;*TUTHC56B.-6*TUTLC66B/M9\=SS&CJ]_JCT901

MO32:LD6C*5LUFK*W1E-VUFC*9HVF[*+1E%TUFK*;1E-VUVC*!HVF[*#1E!TU


:6ME])XO]_.Z[KF
MST^2M50:']%:*HTI;1V2QKC\=E[7^S&EK5'2&$IKE#1^(JQ1TACKW_Y.U/O1






MK-9\6^9:E?TC=VN--&*UUD@C5FN--+*UUD@C5FN--(;9M3^-L7;M3V.87?O3

N5OV\3B:-IY_
M]MGE
\X89M?^/(ZQ=NU/8YA=^]
89M?^-
;:M3^-87;M3V/:6DNE


IM:QI_9J6S2:.F[5:


MU5HCC5BM-=+(UG/[?+XBL5IKI!&KM48:L5IKY/N1K;5&&K%::Z01J[5&&ME:
M:Z01J[5&&K%::Z01CS5#]H]XK!G2R

M$=W._

%\_
:6.Z








MZ#M6?;\[+F1;]M#(MNRID6W9HI%MV:J1[8:Y5NUJ;7SO=M8::61KK9$V^'YD
M6^]WT

M(UMKC32RM=9(8ZQ=^]
8:]?^-
;:M3^-L7;M3V.L7?O3&&O7_C2FBOL+\EES

M&=.(U?T






UBAI
M#+-[&=

:$5B_Y+@0@?5+&A%8OZ3Q-;%^

M]!M=J%.$#\0


M$]JJ+HT);567]J#K3*3J^A-B
]/21/7TBSY07\DI9D5E


%]&^M9D_DE;(@2\J*KEOY?E@WPVA%K@G[JB/W#
D

M$S*EG)!SRHS
*1?DDG)%;BEWY+XA5`$Y!H]_J`)2GL@K94&6E!594][(SX90
M!?Q35[L__U`%I`R\VIO=D.*2

M&-Q3'L@CY8F\4A9D25F1=4-8Y_ZIN\?O?UCG4C[()V7@?89\GP-R3!F1
2/E?R2EF0)65`AI0#<DP9D3%E
M0J:4$W).F9$YY?$/:_T_M9OAB;Q2%F1)69$UY8W\I'R03\M?5HQ_:LT:.&;(
M8P[(,65$QI0)F5).R#EE1N:4W))N2*WE#MR;V$


^3X'Y)@R

B-SR@6Y;`@K1O;G2D]O*7?DGO)`'BE/Y)6R($O*@`PI!^28
M
B)CRH1

&
MCAGRF`-R3!F1







2,_*1_DDS+P8;\!`?DD')$CBDC
J9
R)1R0DXI%S[U)3_U





MO!594][(3\H'^:0


MJID]O3
&]Y0'\DAY(J^4!5E25F1M^6(]_:J_K'DC/RD?Y)
R\#Y#OL\!.::



M@!Q31F1




MD.]S0(XI(S*F3


.3H'9$R9
%)%?_[1)<BVLC?FD*/Y3!9*K59/_HI#DZM7X7PI)KH3_GI#D

MG\(%.X_*&6$T`Y4SPJ`+*F=D@#!V2N)AR`65
X(*DBI8/(@@J8(1/)]U9('L
M@R2^A@Y0HY*D$-2'UN#-[..#I!]$Z2`R











A(R$3(3
8J6B^7\=AP,A*WC)<D(*0DI*D)J0
MAI6D(Z0GI!D)&0B99D&6+!(6.6895Z`X.WU%]CI*I(1DA.2$%(24A%2$
MU(0TA+2$=(3TA`R$C(1,A,R$+%LD*&%,<JP2=G!8PAY9UUQN.I,2DA&2$U(0
M4A)2$5(3TA#2$M(1TA,R$#(2,A$R$[)LD:$


MTA+2$=(3
A`R$C(1


M4
E:%5O5##4
M:S5L57/T
#0R%H36\T


#`I6+AFJ7I18
M'2=V';6FAI5;AKH7)=9'B5V=1:N`@95'AJ87)39'B5V_CT:+)5`.FX);DUI-
MP:]5MTUAA=`4I'6D+F:)UA%4O+?2R6+NK5#+XEBP8\E0Y:$SU:I9JV''EJ&.


M9E.]\B(\*3(T.30%[X



M17@)5
(7QJV.K;KSJ^;M[-P0BS0L$(XZVT(G+WRY+K_Q0J/+1Q+!FJV+%F








M)T:L4TF)\!*HA%7GUN_6^[*NZX.J6Z%@Q%JAH)Z\E0Y/^9Z@PD
;QY*ABAUK

M9\Y0P5#)6A5;U0PU#+6LU;%5S]#`T

MM!S$0!

MS3PL%RN=W!0Z=.7#%6L58N5:C4J5;+4


1&AJ87)3:+HR1&K]]:&6O]AW!11N,F=#9&H78SD@]%(Q^'*OP
M5L'HYZUT9B\U:;!E`Q5K%6+E6HU`FE!M@QUK-6+E6H-`JG6R-#$6K-8J=8B

M*Q1
:E8H:$4KA%8D




M
B%0YJ%@CN0#2#I_*-BJ9*V*K6JQ4JV&K5JQTGQU;-6+E6H-;#6*E6I-;#6+
ME6HM`AT=@T+'-F7S;3[BX1S)0\'83$L4;[3I#,/?6=H%JOM6,!#LU@].R5
^]1;;8<Y#X43G/B%SL518A?1#*407FNS9*AZ

M(@;'Q
*F\$0(Z)Q#0![:AH`\%-3[ZKB=WHB5#OV%0/KT)4.5AS9:M5BI5B.0
M:K4

;7JQXQV!D


C)

ML./(T
1:

8
#!4Z9.6#%4
MJ5;-4.0:K4,=0*I5L_0()!JC0Q-`JG6S-`BD%'H3P0P+CB`X:%@P.)C;Q5

MU6.T^/50


1A[59Q]G^XU347%WWIX&TMR@9J@3RPO%`4LO
MS:\12(5;ACJ!5N%X\TVOM.@.`JGNR-`DD
_P=32QG)47X44@HZ]SZUCK?5G7


_/1!

MZ//'U#MN1H'


J+4.=.CIA
&)G:<&5HQ[#0GUB]7_+JW4/N\VI=
M2

).
5*M=21C@BHU4I2


MS]#`T




M1!#BDH






-R^DWFC;#7KH.^.?.$K'?1Z]
M$848:']4




MMZ(VE:J5C('R3RTZ2ESA@J&2@]MUP5L53/4,-2R5L=6/4,#0R-K36PU,[0$
M4-@MNI`





Q'UW(.I

U&+8Y@):FLOR40K6IJ)
M[D69Z
7QV4P



1&AJ87)3:+HR1&P18Q




=:_5BI5J#0*HU
C2QUBQ6JK4(=-0*7\PHWJ:+

%0R5
M#%4
U0PU#+4
=0SU#`T
C0Q-#
T

;MY


M.7)@

BD8-TZQ3P8F
QE
6!(W

8


E*5J5

M\(`9Q'@2%T-@Y@#F8#(IF-1D



D?+^(6K#[-ZQ+3`;?
M`R)OE@^^VT/]6

OBE$Z%G


ON9/W+?Z[(-O


2=L


0JNR&!Q`A%9E
M,3@1#&K6D^+@+ZA9#,[_@IK%X!@PMJ+P6E?:%46@T._T*HL!L?LP<?JKW':






&M

&=?XF[ZHT9W/.7N!O?F

MN/O?F
&U?HF[!HX97+F)TK%6.;AF$Z5C
;AM$Z5C
;AA$Z5C
;A5$Z5C
0?D


M3.:`O!W
O*5@4I/)P&0FDX/)3:8`4YA
A;Q59MYJ






&3&


)M/M
ML/K`[FDN@P'


O*5@4I/)P.0F4X`I3*8$4YI
A;Q59MYJ
+7)-&`:DVG!


B(71SNKB)ZQ^
MK.%BVB%`;'HL6!691+;#2+:S(I
5F




M












A_]8I\*%



M9L]`O]VOJN9V]@T3NG


WZ7-`)0#AADK(N57SD#EMO9MI9+,+6C?K?4I,/C@M*8N77`)
M_!BB4H0P1)GE#/%HO3O9VAUU@?$&.GRVG=-'G(-+X,P0E2*$,_@EG'T=:M10
M\R%;BS1K0G:992\X^68]0U2*$8+D8E&*1.'S#$-2=Y6&97H%;AP2!&(L
$S

!2=V`
MDK0()5G/LVP&IT2(2I%$G43$+2EYA&*1.+E%%..H;T#%$I0KHML#8*_1J8


MA85`Q$
]AY2'A









MJ*ED

&3+%;[]OG]\:OA
MX:






MKJXW^KC

&;
M*D23VK1UB6C2=.'=#Z))%KSC033)TE;(@7WID4U^!XM^VRED%!;]TI-;VFJ%
M:%(1X_TEHDD6O*=$-



$%``&``@`


ME)W9;ATYDH;O!YAW$'3?ELXJ*6&[4;FOP&#0
W.MDH]MH2P=0U*5J]]^?B89








COW@B(V;

V68_^9^)/C\Y-MSL1%2:-S:'T3^-5JH=E)








*D:U0QC(Y6$VK-4RZACU
M;&M@K9'1%*'(42:XTQPU\[@_.K0)!^)M.H\7HG5EXY?$CZ47BSLJ07[HKADU

MY-M\R:@2Y&M5

KCC6O.!S:(/1:YOKM


QH$O9K7*%HVK_U-LHB81#[G
M%3\)LR30GH3AR41C$=8KTB$*\VYZUO+C9;DP/S!5CEW[IETS:I:4WEJ[
&^M

M/=L:6&MD-$4H]LJ)I8(Y3)*V&(OB#9AM$K`7+N%/-F!$RVV*I!LTE9
'[JX9
M-6(%[7893)2NZ]8N-J\M=UTK#_+J.:_A37F-HF7SVETEP\04&8X?A%D1:%W7


:V-8H6M[6)&BV%;OK9RN8?QV_H_TNKXC1TM+Q5)#O885#U_X-
M7LFH8E2SK8:U6D8=HYYM#:PU
IHB%'OKQ`+&+)&3(
@ALSVQ]-_M-IGF]'R
MSZID5#&J'0HWLEBK9=0QZMG6P%HCHREL:/

KD8
M[@1YPSVC09`UO+E
YL31R\7P)&@V'/O31.M!$Y1E'/Q!_K0(ML1NX;3P1U#)

M4+

[L2`Q+DN[LT60B-W:2'@%%0RJAR*O&5M!:CAAVCCFWU

X&K-4RZACU

JF67BKMK1+DQZ.:
M42/(FDWF]9+Q6PGR)OM&0VK-ED9AN]5

*F8[MM$S&GS





MLD@?IQLO


MX5!\(GF7Q%J%TXI/_J;O8TNGA7C9#('K=^FN54*OGW6C)HW9=9*0IO9@--


K^GW7Y4S$W5\E\;WW^9-F;5B2X;7?5+F3A2\
MY9[1\*;

M+5_[QFD%MEI)Z`?!3I!/V#
:'

MPJ6+/.;2^0==L58M&7KO-ZS5



.DM@RFVUVR;U.XA.'Y0485HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
1D93A.+F
M9I8

4^3-8U]H7.ZS[D)0^^L3;M
/%A





:9D9B%FJ2TSXS%+,,-E
M9EAF6:US(S.+
%TAK)IDAR27)4@1L@*58*X(#.S$^=306(F*9;4D)BYBB4(
M#S(S9;$$


R:BNN#U2C\
')%<E!22%*BDA*54)UO#PFY8/EO+PFR;!
MBAY^TR38P<K,_A27&OM1F=EM8@EVES`:!+L[L#:'0E3P%[-;F2;#S`FN:


MFR;!FQ/X39/@;0G\IDGPF@1^TR0Y)+DJP9LH^$U+@[=/\)LFP8LF^$V3X'T3
M_*9)\-H)?M


_RF27#6!8&&UH-QSB(S

@0'%&B3F];\BV:+7V^5H
E;A
M5!E*H/6L'#7-3]3T*C





'-*]BETB0Y)+DJP5TV6:%*
M2DC


M-`GN:8
U39*CU/F)4F_QY+3ZE$AC+K5B7^.Z
-14D^#6
#PY38++P_#D-`DN
M#$.+UR2X



/
M/M`DN
H//M`DN-$/-=4DN+D/-=4DN)TU



M

S-;PTW9*+4FP578*+4FJ2$Q5S.S-5R


M

MSP-^$.?2O)S^?#R^R'^@BA?+CX5^_'\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`

E5UO
MVR`4AN\G[3\@[FMLQTF:*$Z5KNI6:96F:1_7!&









/ZR[($HRM\P
:/E
6KG8^A+KUR2LS2_Y1F=L9$OA\7
4E-Q7_PIO&(J9WE+V'3^HPY6Q27U7?M2SY::[






M(@9E#*H8U#%H8M#&H(M!'X
A!KL8[&-PB

J23=WB

M!9&22$6D)M(0:8ET1'HB`Y$=D3V1`Y'CD@0AQJ!NA=CA






M(/7;

)AN

J;FIK166:\@91F1!N/.W;-I?;L&_+




5)29R3Z\Y`?$H&FBB+CD3JQ?O
MAERLIN%HNX[NO






MU#!J&76




*J8%1ZMA8L57-J.&;6`57O2)23D&
M9;HXC\XQFLP3Q


M!
*O@XKTO+5BQ5<VHX2.V@55P<=L3$]N1AQ?G

M3O(J:EZMMSIYDF$@HTGT:[-'%\:H]7BT7%\2I+=_[M%B
:D0*^V&2T%:L!*D

M?2YM9C2-G


&H9=8QZ1@.C':


&H9=8QZ
M1@.C':

?1='WQ'EW)]+TO?P.+9R9T$\Q9
MQ[*[CR:BF2\8U


#HR.`0KKPZ4X



&D8MHXY1SVA@M&.T]\@]])MSDO5Y

MC`9&.T9[CQ:/\@Z
CD'!


M+KUE8N6^D)COT
UUM`:9+\SD\@J#E0:K#%8;K#%8*TS/N!/T\AGWS,YX\%@
M.X/M#78PV#%D8:VX3-.84[I5W+@WHJ0T\U9!MQD_W,C52ZP\&@QRI2
*BVX

M2?K_1HGQUB4=M4:C@36O2VN;=:H((+EHPJ+E@S:KA@RZCC@CVC@0ON&.VY
MX('1

_\!
KQ'ZVXD]?O)5[IT*MXD=Q


UN2D:5('UA
MM1:DOAI!ZJMEU`E27[T@]34(4E\[1GM!ZNL@2'T=!8V^@A!?GDBT1QXFVAZY





M



M'KW5@M4-++*AE5@K0/KADU@M17RZ@3I+YZ1H

CH*

]%SPP.@8%PPB?R-4O





<9WN$#V<U
MPC[U#J8)\8Y;N13TFS_$WYX5HJOCDE'ED7N54:=2\;%J*3@=ZWH3Y0F-Z'JL
MEE'WIF/U4M!?5YR3#*+KL7:


.O;5BY7Z&@2I



#HV.`@MO@^L3*
MPLC#OLLC]$K+H$=+!YE:S4%G5#`J&56
:D8-HY91QZAG-##:
=HS.C`Z!B@


MQVC/Z

M9=0QZAD-C':
]HP.C(X!NLC6C201\37O#C@413T^&`6FG0)U\H**A@JY)1
MQ:AFU#!J&76

#HV.`PJ?6^XYO4CY:?2C'*&16,2D85HYI1
MPZAEU#'J&0T!J/BLF'CB=_UE4OO]H3I_:98QR1@6CDE'%J&;4
&H9=8QZ


M$/@*`Q6EAC37C;*
:TX9/5J^]


:2

3`HT6MYHP*+E@RJKA@S:CA
M@BVCC@OVC(:@8-#:;DZD/B


M7X



AMK:JX;=A'RZC3@N;+)J+WR%P$K:P$VG






V$@BU]
MMZMH

M!W4;]\V9-W

OPRN&?Z.@I^&IP8?AM\

W[1\W
M=4;18]O)01S+*7_#A$5;\G85#=N9%%W

827&
)+#.$EAO`2

MAJ:B80T10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PT10PTM


MWU;);^:5NJLQ[%.$QK1'8*RX_+9-?G

%8GXT##$H;I9!QO


8R]+F/(DXQ#



I
M6

















ME:DT*SS
Q:N9W(^V4%I3Z:!TIM)#Z4UE@#*82K9&'X(7`?D
*BB-J710!E-I
M5UC#7UFKU!V4WE0&*(.II#CKU#YK*)FIY%!R4RF@%*920BE-I8)2F4H-I3:5
M9H4Y+'ZB/:0FE-I8/2F\H`935%'%+S;AE4')3*:`4IE)*4VE@E*;2@.E




M
81R?#W%$*KQ51U#:








MTH7*A=J%?0^L=

2R!*R@J20#+*&;`Y9`LI(#M(:D@-63?




]V*DVGW]OA4Z)1I2``)(1$DAB20

F?MG-:F


GS0
WS6U%*672#`I
6[I42(I(





M:6@^
.8#T((4D$)2U-&H7755HR







OC
M$6CJY[3=_




\7E7:CPZ)6-!C29BW)(BC29MF)2HJEIRTZL
MNC'Q);:]8;$2V])81I=)[,=[Y)1UXQ:V6U3BA^A7:F;)OW#]P/G$AUTS?1N
M
T)2]*:-Q;J4WMB5





2DA+THJ4DC+2FK0AY:0MJ2#M


MV-R4TCE=D`)22(I(
2DA+4DK4DK*2&O2AI23MJ2M.5I(I4D_86V6E6S\6]


W-Q.M$Y0R%S
XNL$2`+!-8(T)?ZQNV9NH[L2_W06:6:
MFU*G-),4DB*2#$I(2U)*U)*RDAKTH:4D[:D@K0CE:2*5)/V%MEI=F;JFGNZ

OEOV^K-Z00L%9(B4DQ*2$O2BI22
M*:M'E
MIVI(.U():DBU:2]17;^?W\*3Q:=

2DA+4DK4DK*2&O2AI23MJ2M.5I(I4D_86V2/`



M
2DA+4DK4DK*2&O2AI23MJ2M.5I(I4D_86V3EU)MF:6_*!?*6/FC'UO`8^


!



D
M@A5W+%62*EW1=*+69#JQMRK:.553=[Y+2CNE9UU26IK(8VGOD\
9JO-)6TI6
M*G7F%YK:O\487CAW8(&.FRHA*=+4_5&5
U


2C29
MMI:DE2;35JK)5







2DA+4DK4DK*2&O2



M(LT742$B^9$_

IW^+MB\C1
6+R#JUC!U?1%;R97]\$5G0E_WQ

*E]$7L21_?%='N1]'#E+?!%Y!T?V



M=\RDU[Z(O%TFH\H7D9?




MQY:^^2+R+=G2-U]$OBQ;^N:+R'=B2]]\$?F&=NF;[^9Y+I&%-R)?OBY]\]4)

MU^BSCOR`@.RI+R(_'2![ZHO(+PC(GOHB\D




MRIW*'H5#O7Z]B#DB(C&5M/XHS=4DL=9!C'Y]9LGF*?@J0EQIFQQL
M\S-MBB



XVQ*)XUX+?LT`T18(7:
K1G2\6.U-@:4AH@DVJ
M



M-KHQM!&S[2(S.4J9D:#D8`/
R)


M/#4
-#\$


I*K7!L)
M]9@/B29AP/)]$W[7!'/%O86F/5KH

&MTQBF

H\:3TC973^49T,46I[J8VYO!Z(O/


M*F(HCF!+T53#M%!

&1&!_8AF
^O8B?G=;ROQ0EO9

M(

MNPK;&!?JZ;DVFC:?I16:G=UV5HR^[W`RWSKU8(JXN3AULM1DB#SGL=U$G`S;



M[]A.:-)455X@]IPY9\[
A/SI)%MTX-H(U14XB6*

=4*;JZP#^^;T9SC(RE





%/?

M&.



!TU/\)?GXPCC=N

^&M[7TS#_I


F9$BJEB

D21;MVR*W=
MF4RO&ES0X@*&S@N$+A`X@*%[[@@NZB(!JJWO(NAVJG936#66C




S[-[L1VA^XMXVV


Q8QWPMNN8G`XDT9($


0?%\PVK$N
-!;3P9K0@


MIT+W\;IP4*9'#8VT-

M7R6-*$)&0


(!

M_!RZ`7.J-_T9XCV


M.JB44BV6Q.2


_#%\@[MZDUD+\LETK2-[-7=#-E9;Q^Y
M;W
V`T0@'Q+2Q1)T48$W%PI[TDD84($$&/[)1


M@4QM4ZQC*487&Y]]FF6*#GODWIK:E.]/L3B3#PDFJ#@W6T#4$CDD84($$&
MLN\=5$KU+I;!Y)`7




MZ^HR
5TLT7)NP#P:F)9&&(UP0
R`KP8=$6`?[8BD$05(D
&/?]1O!Y522*R(
M22US!X9+/:



M`1*D('O70:54[V))4/X-R.1=P_^UF/NTTZK^AP]?V_`G.J%C71+(PR09





M-*(`4*X,&5&V$&EU/2(-=%NLIH8.]8$399ZX:!,CQH::6F$T0BG$4$CDD84
M($$8'P:W0E4.JA@ETBX_
1ZH`Q]L#LE
O4%VGWJA4]534OX&ZH&K*G)X:Y9
M-

M%K7#(C8LXL
B


NPR+S&V`Q1]U[WRT7+


M965T-2YX;6R

=/BST7S[*B5`7`T
H











M&[9UM@PKZ\W_T#:*C]@VG7@'OA'7L`8^*\?O\$'$#6P-0_?D-9*V^'B+UZ

M


E%MOVR`4Q]\G[3L@WFMLU[DTBE.EJ[I5VJ1I
S4VDCJ8&D:8GO#:34<DAW)TW1*)!4*!\+7
/0=2T8?]1L*[ER`6)X


KPN\3I;/


6);

XR`9\'ZNLJ+


M[G=+#+
1P\J+200%5T$#WZBYBXI1Z
7(U:$ZW@KU@H#C^?/R!-$5/J!W1^49




M
2YX;6R
E%UOFS`4AN\G[3]8OB\&$I(4A53IJFR55FF:]G'M&`-6L8UL)VG_


M-;&=X;3L#\F6I'$\(Y(*A0


(X1!&5!
MW:_2+%Z2/12#'6WN@PVL@TTR6!@#RX@WA$77O4N?+6\S_L@G//2<=YDE.?5




'&
2.

M##_KU1\```#__P



)GK!_






M%RLB:R(;(@&1D$A$):2$$F)9$1R(D6?&,I@Y7$IH[I3$
PP63NK(BLB6R(


7-QE;@1L);
:%-[:JET#LND$A






$VXZOED2W8;7RU)+(%VPKZQ&59H@5+9PNPO/EJ%G$VK'*^FDQL



M$4`#MV7JJP


M7

^@Y
MEP7W
N@YEP77

M=O_!E^J*GU.I0F#PBM_)E;COQ@^1AH/GJKK*'Q!JU/WR[O%O````__\#`%!+

8



KX<G__G?`H?R<4H?0S\^AC5\FIQ/:^*

N!SH'?0Y
`H@^S+3WZ+/NMU.
P*1+KZF@C?
IT**CTPUU:4:7

2H@BK

*$8Z
M1C0C/2






*2W.*N
M=QCR$2F..H]0TW!%S;UZC@Q!5)O=W05M;M
GVARZP?(]#M.JS`9@4SBOZGI8



Z6SCR








MG(4WP4L08M
&+0<*8]0

&O%QA?$B+'-O&!/



.CP#YPSWO

L%+F-4V*XG=/P@L%U=H
5L.KIKRC1_TNR+Z';*Y6R(_2WP:N_#;UQEQ






MF!98+S!#&=&X$'(P^1XCR!]*T!S





M6#0P)?AU`M

.0@U*U&&=R42Q:T*&Y;)0M:%#=VD@4MBGL?R8(6Q=V!8*E0!L^L)0O*
MX%&O9$%;XUFH8*G1UGA<*%G0UGBB)EG0UGCFQUXH[*VKQFX!:]24`/)@D]K



L.'R*NDF633E'W:0E




M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#GSO1_R@8``*



S;BC


MR16FN!%/&

I!L/






RH2B5:+`\.3HSI2`M
)Q+N2'[K`TPS(WH#I1SH<N1KW(5;1<#C.X


HU6WJ`K(]0


_7R.1`Z8?U;#O`?



L#]Q\`1
M6FA\`U9&P')/Q^P@825`)5@&`:L$*DD@28P2+(J`U04=$[I+^-97XF0:L1G#
M`Y



&Y#]]
$C2J\

MX;5)@HX47ILD:$Q1!R9)N`IP^:5OB38!+E^4AZZ#6$S++X*$W1KHF!@2=GF@

MSG]T?`^SGNH.W\S9=F:=\

M2P
$%``&``@````A`&



MO?QX/MQ_JA
]?;OJ7E_?7#W=/WZ_;#PDS[_BX_CY\^/#(3T^_/ET^/[:.'D^






MN=!?JS%=B9[[AT]Z]G:X:F[]NLE([U_O/[Y_/OY]@788Z5]^W+M6O9
X9[ZQ




MB






T9S1@OVM62K%:
UHXWXZI_*N&6K
M':-]@


-
M5@OAIR#:+42#4




JB^.Y('6\8+04
MU#B.+WBELOA=U*_&T9;C_K#^B?NW`VC5FBG!N)Y'[@)P^TF:%HW[2G<?N)&
MKV7D7A-`;%O/V[%'6-63K%)&&2?


M(W0S)/(%6Y6
*D83]C5EJQFC.:



%H*.NM^I5;B?BU(W6\8;06==;]3*W&_%U2[#^M'
M-(LFS;%[62EZ^GJ$^B%^QQZU^M@IHTR0%BYG5`C2'E7)J!*DOB:
IH+4UXS1






M5'4)4R9(GUHYH\*CN[=FNTLU$


$]4=?T4E*Y+CCT*




E)UPQ
M?\3WHS6O3'1U
MG#

8S:Y1%'?''P@:JD?=]/Z&UC1N*P3IA8X]

.^MFRU8[0/4!C%
M-V;=

M:



F2!\

M()T.*QE5@M37A-%4D/J:

Z^%HR6FO,^Y5:B?LU^]HPVFKEOLX
M'#NU$O=[06^%(ZQ%;L:KM3A#([?H
T/67K3QJ+U&ZA&&&G)5*:-
$NJH
M

MELE*9?&[%J1^-XRV'IW62&F]1`W$\SYP$]:`:`I-;F$7Y^AQ[A'^B-^Q1XBW
MH)11)DC+E3
J/&JM'Y:






N990QRAD5C$I&
M%:
)HRFC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHQVC?8#P+I9K-84RJGGWLQNM:=*^@W
M6U
2FC&CE%'&*&=4

9CX9H:DYW




H]:

7/3F^%


)HRFC&:
M
UHP6C):
5HSVC#:



`K`M5D*!@.X-DM!
MGQ_79BD86R



8*








MGRHF[A


M!1^=XRZQ%'S]C2NPQC_XEAM78GX,AM78GXSAI78GX:AI78G8`@-UU!KM



M^_7PM6''IL1MV\
*-FY*W.X]K&#_IL3MV

*-FA*W
8]K&?IL3MWV,I>,YA
M_RY6L&\;(F



D
8=F\'*&(H[*H






RYX;6R4
M6MMNXS80?2_0?S#\WMB2;[(0IXCN`EJ@*+;ML^
&<,O#7H^&P4J'_8'A1AKB\\=







M9WU56D%YKBTW-F_6$7AX
]C9H@0$WLIMROH]:(&D@C(*Y1*R:`E#`RJI846A


\3U

!
H(+L-\ZFE09:['A%;@
G$XT
MTW(UR[FS`*47C14*BWIF*9O'%@YKI4)]V*S9LV#A[7L*4S6`K+J3T@J$;*

/@2B44:=X9A7(%+<?9*2A4*DC[

%@Z;4ZF%=0TYQ*RJE,;TE-F0)

A3MAWDXLF=MULJ892@AW7AF2DM#N82L
A2&


M`47Z]$OQ[

MGK897F'^8A8Z%;!`44H3W0.=@XEY)4&D)+%5U&H9Q!85*E448E^9\;KC

U)=OC@2K*F93#3J.
M!




MIHM6I!\)5R3UZ]OM*:V*&X1XR:]Y^UT&=9TBW7X]EU6=O%QAW=_8/$F[V/+#


T#]Y




37P@4&;
M

MNZ61G;`2=NQ1E/*
1(A!=FN:N:&3!80[[[R3[.!P&7(GK(1=R/3T1(A9R-P%
44
MR2#0OP?G_%'M






-2/=E

MO!J0`@A'-Q\%


VT\]*G

9(%P:Q2=+(095/`HP\(]RC#IKU&(*'RX8R

U:QV\
MKQM($BV+.E1_C==Z

P






(17N/G\TU^B-=7W-
MVWU

M(8((;;^/+\-PVR9)7UU84_8+?F
MK)QXUY0#_-F=D_[6L?(H-S77A*;I*FG*



J@V
M]$ETX)GS%^'Z]2A

IY$$)8H8*0J-D/=;$A%(CRN@

MI@_0P*:(FF+&YT4JS)%8H_UEU8/1)9:D(H$LK+A;$T4:5@2#P2.3$
Q#)F


)C




M%.M=

3D9*U


MH945K
BW'6_/!E:*T)X\A0SD

M^/(+K-`EK`2SII`U?#H$]F20-=R[@146T)V2#E8,T@XB`W0060R/`O?`@9



MDNL^7[V29#N$W]D[AK%S]X?D9_X8U9V_OCYI?QWO3]^?BF_@^YV#8C_]!'+
M3WODPPC\)\^8F6+F$F]NW'R=^WNX?Y2?TPP^:%H\[832\EQ'7S\?H1Z&88Q

M8%P&ISM#N

M+'B

I(P$C(2

M1%
+!X]-+8%UM219J*UORXC/2
!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2#DFFC(X+FW*




CV];#_[M78SIWA[!3NNHB2+.Z4B(SXC`2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2
MY)(L9:4OED3!2#F.TA1SH/U8
MK!.ZYKTZ/E0HG#D4]HV96^B[FSU/?X0#G0

CLZ'TNE`-E+@EUF75)1?W+;PQ_
M.PM%769

MY4I(=M6AB*/X2VTE%-C/P86Q;%*RJ[8RCO(OM5508-_6\EJ?[B79+7-;5-BV

H)R;S&
MZBR4E=*6A+JTNKRBY+;)*TMQ35Z)(_EW3H2:5KV2*V@+P4@FI7!%',2$5
MF'4$E*Y




2.5*

MTL7C
#SG'4G'%@'$+EH<KQHU;L#)<

MBE'D%JP35PPFMV!MN&)




!PQ2G(8U!GN.(P
MY!:4&ZXX`+D%]T;TVK8

'Q3\TL%EP
M!X`&-@MJ??3-9D')#PUL%E3^T
!N6;CB(LK5P0T?
38+[O;0P&;!%1]SQV;!


M130P_)G3PU\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!GUOZ8_`D```P]```9````

C




MJF^8C)CF!1ZTCD(EAI2#8#K#LI`UT6$8.I*)(.
X2!\4842?;47Z:$--&Y1K
MF

:LRQAAN)*0;


LG5NO(4)UA&5#]66G0%O9R3+4++
0R+

^P\
M6#C

=%+DS
M-3MU'W!^6C7B%4O(DJ.HF7$L`A.N#4OH_2ATIVG@:O!U'P%DCGGTV6JACM2
M8564C&@9,2R)5O?



M'



GM%^C-R8Z_E





-94^&T?(PAD6P\+B+RV

M8-'I*1_%?5.0KJ+??F@

M*(]X^07]AL
]=B)0=(T

/1X8%_K



M)4?1

R:WH
T=/
;IJ&5$1)$U7U+Y%*'+N&1;!ZB/V;7)!







^;_YBY+_.LI@V]M`ZX<\6-
MSC5OW(T+G@Z[<PX*V+);-;GL[2]HB]':=@\[OD#_Y.313+Y;S8T^?JOS\Q]Y
M16U(4XL`B=*7QCZ]<PNP6!W-AKS/Q56V=R25^+]F_Z^)WDUUL+X5ZR(1DM
M8;X;Y4YRP&0GK[SST=^;F][.PB=Y<H+D+^TK1-I6IRSL;:5O38M+?\5$.I<

M#8;/?K#WX5MPQ=+RD





1K-SH'&9)82:1(0#K-/<%V:#]PE!R/IV:T<)0-
M/)'
N&4G


DN+JWMU16MU]+\1T+9=*OL2#![XL:CHEDAFME-%X
M
)MELDYEE#FK:-'(R'(#)481O+L:PVQ$8K.7Q(Q@+2)'F#4L&NFBGX%'X=`H








_O2U.B9LEXFV#?\3B;<9SUI8)_OGCX6:-D52DS4G-6YK@5RKQ


MV@T\;^DVA+78



MS
F+^3VQ7%4)#I=.M/)/X@P.EI'I@^BU%VE(HWORW(/U-9DN!
$H+
LS]P

^:OP%FG4+L024S[;S37H
!LP3K
.9-)][H']6&X;NHQ5R%]LY5!-XTX[T%A4;%
M,ACCF*ZD$Z_O#V<GM5A.5/0]U]:KZ.#[;H%178R/6\^=]9MQ<71Z)V$A\%]











MW%SW7JEC*(4:7=%P-YCSVXM!/P9I#`8Q&
8@B\$H!N
8Y#&8Q&`:@UD
YC%8
MQ&`9@U4
UC'8Q*H@7,$\QA1!/$?1=3INXA**#H-
2M*'JB(2:]&/1CD
9@


EC%8Q6`=@TT


Z#$^G4FHB08Y:-Z%*]ZAR#&1/I&4R(#(D$A&9$1D30G
M
B$R)3(C

B

M!D2&1#(B(R)C(CF19$ID1F1.9$%D261%9$UD0V1HDZ2&'^:47*X3!2GE0K

B`R)9$1&1

B
R)S(@LB2R(K(FLB&R)%G021
MPE3%BI3#8:0JTFH?YZ%=(CTB?2(ID0&1(9&
R(C(F$A.9$)D2F1&9$YD061)
M9$5D79'@J=)J7(2SALU121XJ1=U1$#RL^NO!\XO#
U=L.#P\WO_9V6%ZTCQ.
M3IUZ&-2*M&XTJ$1Z1/I$4B(#(D
B&9$1D3&1G
B$R)3(C

M%U4%R0UA&R)%W2J(8!



M_Y*=K1BMU;!^?5K1
M/Y$WM5_<9=3S
M*$Z2J;85S7QG[*S`:.A&M8O0K
=7N1

M;

*U9_S

-F73

5@1F(9)X$H:M20X/CI\J:
^*E3(O;RH#=JM

%HR
M6K&O-6MM&!4!H/J*AU64*L*(8$N0


C6A5

MRH8#1D
Q5%^9(/4U8L
QHUP
U==$D/J:LN&
T5P
U==D/I:E*M%?M:L]9&
MD/HJ`L
P@J[&8T70UW[JHTF%6HT;&4VB&Z/;K#0N-



IH+4

(R@*RE9$:Q*34$$??5)YP[1



AFR8
1JQX9A1SH831E
V


#0FE[JQ`6#`:
!IZ5/.5
1JQX9A1SH831E
VG#&:

M[\K/A9\6ANVOACHR)0*TIP8,!H*\@\HNMV/K4H2C\1_8X9Y8+J3U_C=B?W



+DL
C#7]?M!2E@O17#1@-!:EAQF@D2'V-


M&.K4*A.DOD9L.&:4BZ'ZF@A27U
VG#&:BZ'Z6@A27TM!JK5B7VO6V@A27T5@

-$*DB38L!H*
@N





M'D%]1BD;#A@-V3!C-&+#
:.

K


MP!(

@OQL20=M-
QV\&
&_&Q




X):DUVHG:555B`9]U`$35^5C;ZCJ):YF
MQQ+4Z!)7@6





&2K!Q^R/8&W89)6XK$LR2-R.$)9@
M4Q%^J27!WB)DHB7!%J/$;1-A;]A6A!RU)!U(.J8$.[


5&6_98





\2G-E(W!Y^EN#H1N*V\K
$)S@2MWV?)3A]A2B4B_1H[H)#
M6(D[I\


6\\??$

MU$-BK4)QK!H2RQL^KXK8TGPR0GDM=4.OC,`B=4.#I9#8GG#9R@0.4NKU'@







K@AOO9#^]



R+



(2]STU7C&SS'92IW5.82MQ[V[W3VHS[`DYFDINJZ'

M=GHKZ.Z@G?#!SP[JXCF*O^=I-_-L]QC2?T*4!^7M.A
\WMZKBU$)N7Z%0A

M+%[A1]=V==+[R#+/MG+*7\



Y&&Q$Z1G1

IXV8[F.


MN]H(:PS6&JQ#N]X(&PPV&NR
=I


MN?Z)





M_&=+!KV[5W?V11@@'E89V-5!*QRT#DIYI'`%-R*
C[1%MPY1+Y3KGD;=W0PB
M@*U']#DCFH12G&J]:YI%&`^P)&YI
?U@:XV^B`IW`1X]BMMQ#I//P@R6!1:?

P)X!G5NTZ1#UROE^Q<_


M;I&\NU-C%R*`K4OTJ1#50GFYR]'6C0A@ZQ9].D2]4
;3MM=/_`81Q@.
@=$U

G?0AS%WW/^
\]H


GCVJM*)^L'NWP^X=HV0+X

UJ*T
9HY1\A.6_8WZ

T(HP'

M72=.S.9\XW_K.W3Q


-1(O6':(^V%P=;0AAM/*'$PZ-A3&$
M)6[Z^TYG_!R3K=09G4/8
;9
M0PP[(<J#,H85@46W$J45HCHHHUL36'1K4=HAZH,RN@V!1;<QL!AW1KO))L#


M%J4=HIZ5PFU@)MQ&9B+NC':3$38S$W9+(DTSY]I)5N9\=RUFY.G6H^0'\?L;
M]7#N$

M.D2]4%X98!!A/



MW&#O@)]CLI6P=PAASV1T2:S3*OS!CN
==AP9[6








MNU


M:]&\0]0'HZOC#2$LO0%47P









U/B'*A=
Y;


O%;?5+UH\B@NN
RS9&5??03*A?(RH^S4K]@+

;3!M\_&408#SBVQG1%)1^5[)]
M5)NI642P]Y(8I27A&H)&*XENR*$D/*(9@XT/':6MJ/!
L^217RU$R@WE(7!






+1I=TU!)'LFWJ7.8W%L;+/
L

)L_7!I

=11A77188W2`$*5Q+)Q\FEH(\

ZB8
(8.L1


W%R*`ARL]$[VZE$ME)=-SU;-AXT(8.L6?3I$O5`^<_G[)-Y
M9.L1?<Z()F6]TZ^7GT4`6R^)3UHEKJ,CJN3%]]W@.+G?GKP2+Y.G1D]PN4/

M`%N7Z%

6.'



+





MU!O*P6`C2L^()D


;#9F/

L)F

M1!@/.J+;&=$DE/&CP5'-(HP'6`)[[JC2BG)=0E%1L#-4+_:CO1ZL5![)1B.'

#T)6YZ`COCYYC`(E29W0.8<]D=$FLTRIT7411A2].++[K*)<P




A
/A:F(N)4IKQAXSL548SC#TQ%M$)A2$4$C(HHBN-9@4%H
M0HEQ/`@5$1A2$0&C(HIB,0A\@5G&\2!41&!(102,BB@.PF*J&(14,:FB@%&


M!(;QQHG2#I:4=@Z
ATUY1DAYEFJ59]5JC!
%]A0W-YZE.Q/UBHA##/
[#OT2
M4HW&\5JH72O4Q_M`T!1NEFL5_J-P_J`3(E/X9PM5/RP8N2#XR2S^+UXS\:
M6]08P?946!%E0

MX)O





V%/F@5'F4_NM_G4`E4&

#313*=8SC*862S9!:#F$0F(^H`-8XL=&A`F#MNHYL]-N:J!QB
M!`])]0!65`_`J!ZB^-(8TK_4INJ($6Q/Y0%65![`J#RB6!PYWN^).!Z$:@8



M
E16*FL6!X]:2Y985I#J*:04@%`VHJ&&!4


X$%_`XD**D:P/1446%%!`:.BF)Q
MXO5L1346XW@0JC%IF);85C4H7_Q*S46@&I?
Z-51/.AAPU`\;#I:
(LP/HLY
M
11]F9S91E@6%BPCC)850V%9



X
*@=*]0S/

J#H04G6L4&PNJ3J`476@F`H(14$
MJ*D@@%%!H)AJ`'5`*BI!H!1#:8$HZ0$LXP3H&47;D[')@;.]2/A%2/J5:
MY=/UK
Q\^@Y7S-+39NM9\JY8W3^D#'/8^HH'_18URG8
X+J@;*]0W%52MH%1
MMJ/8%?7V0;7


%J%0_3K0%JH\5BG6<Z@

N&M%
M?X:%2?\+K91@#O

M5I1Z8)3Z*';VM'U.W]A&=1`CV)[J`*RH#H!1'41Q/(?6SB#&\2!4&@Q?VAG`



/H)C1
&=@HZ3'.*X]2OH*
MZ2,SH_D?&4]BJ\
0G40X]B0Z@`


75IGNQ]M3%X$JNO`+-E:,$RV%@;,-A[2)^?#.!DL9[81CH4%2X;L3)8

M?
6;/\5J;VPN1`3;
M4_+!GI(/C)*?VM/S9KVY$!%L3Y4`5E0(P*@0HGV\BHW-A8CC0:@V6$Q7<YRJ
M\5=V.##5VMY<Z':ME0\
8*'I.)9X9H5-4FX;I:HG1?O/ZB+#*U)9LG79@.
MCS2H:+Q:%`@5S0I%%Y\F6!4-BF20(AU0FHJ4Z`49V@F8)A%0:H*;2`$:E
M@6*:(Q!2'3
#UAHD@!+2OK_4G9FZVWT
!)])4NVD^ARLOS9]^0YYOWOYE!$


M/L3MJF
TM8K1.:/
;M=R&G




MF@^M87I


;VFUY)]#



XKB.)\]XL[]T(;MBIM/EV[6+A%1NJ=

@V5.CF@$E.%P_OOS+V=8N1]Q2

LN?W+!$?%/6$P;
!/R5D1V1F1?BRBO!E&GPI.2LD\2L$6
M#4F`92LR*T2,R*3$$2,Y(YR$K@0=BNL0LB<\UN_D
1#=][BV/AY%P/=8D




M9?[8B3\EEHJ_-MIO:;7BGYWX5^*LV/`8?:G=7
(IES640N
%^]6-=A\U9
S4
M


M7V.


CMBJ
88^&U:9;J#BNE92X?FLF]L]Z!1/L

M6UYN]2@Q(YE30BP7Y:!JBBM5ID&55P0AKP@VE@TVIH&-5X21$
LK2*'LJ'

8VOIFJ_9X

0U`E!R_

M47UPJ;4:+J/SM



M='YU\OT_0U0?8&JM!LSH4&V!B=;5`DQHZ]$_Q'+(@P4786&**PNFP4(DET

M[KN(^Y:-^Z;AOB?CMXOX;=GX;1I^1W+9:LQU$7
M&W--P]Q(+EO-_N\B=M;L
M9N?H(6WMC([38F=HZ]&_+9/9_R.

`T

CD/^[:V@(R


MB:7BMXWV75JM^&
G_DPQKV7\DEB&^2VMEORS$_]*G-G-Y]%PVDT1X]#5[SZ3

MPGS3




-=
M__DG0



57)^1NQT

M7B=[T_`\!YGG^U:`!DA



M6S
-0US([E\1NQT$3MK=K-SM(2V=D8#:;%33:7U!H[UL(C!

ODXJ#^TT&0XR0N7A
MP$K!@6EPD
FYVU_Z*_5!(^


M1OLLK78CONS$KQ)+Q6\;[;NT6O''3OQYB

M;%

MC+V^'F^D

#XG/+N+S%'=7$+B.L_A\/+IP_4?W
M
]I
HQ5Q@-H?(



1%RZ?3_V-&P`Z:^VN47!
60!]?B**YMDR

/F8

1-L5:$

=-@

MP9L'G/[0

[7S'.(7[UE5DAIIQY7UP'()
PWC3
'YJ_.*Y8
!XB\-W


MJ]']6O;?T
;=
L77U@C%UQE75O#X:AJ^FH:O

OIN&K:?AJ]?#5XO#5-'RM6O-UM)ZVOD8K:_$UM.6NI?Z<

GQ'EI`'C36.'5J6;(P*#XN+6G?N&)&A8==`P



DR#C$C&][$-O`*Z-5'@)$-4

ML?^X)VQDG`:!#8G/+`M\8'A1KIK/?OVSA&A
Z)EYN\;FN/12Z7FVGW!-Z)/$

M#1NFP88G`X*+@Q-C:])*XK
+](9@D7\7F*N\8FUBP^'XW-ZS^ZG^IE+7V#

1'+YC!CN(H:'

#I16S]GBVKU



@(



M


C\BEQ^




=-@SLE%=D)K)L$#(-
MA+PBO$C



MC4RN@[136Z:*C-

TR





M2Z(?MF`PM2MN.6_TD]/Q?/987I09`@I




^[2Y&+,Q(,PT/NG<:$NXHY-

-:^@42
Q*^0BS7@(%JBBM4I@&55X0@KP@V
ME@TVIH&-5X21$
M%9:BP;*@P#2J\(@B$6+8:ORT;OTW#;Z^(N2&6SXB=-;O9

M+FUJP/B
4'F
M_(8;QK&9_(H_\I^JI&J#P46DH
`T*LGS.RK;/`T;&:1#`





^R[BOF7COFFX'\GEV(G?


MG9&'VJQ
[3U

MEN^-2C#(`%4'`ZL$!J:!02;G4?_RT&Z8@XR



M8:Z2\S-BIXO86;.;G:


M^H32EN/^(:;K;\\;\9W$!84(+-I[Q=77#G[8B1\EENQ/&^VSM/K:P2\[\:O$


9_JX[_IN%_



T+E\=[*





MN_[FW=
C`H


M@(Y_](DGM.4NZ6L%`NL/PIT/



M(Z%#%=IR@[0E^[F1@2:F;YT-UT#FABFW'(-)R[B56$$]/@Q)-!PT70L&S0
M
`TT/!D.7(0#B=F)89*PDIBNP-K=W(CX7+.;SZ.OM)WSHRFUS/EJ5#'I'&O^
M2UM:
DDH+#J(]_W7C9@D

MYIN&^4J.=MS+_CIT4



=M?5S]JF6&][O0ULOD+9#*M.!
MPN+ZZ

$T2


ML!


#








Q_Y[++1<1H$-B0^LSSP@<%%N=.5Q[XB@9V,T)P
M


M+H*`98.`:2#@R?CM(GY+7%8'5A)S%9A?)'ZZB)\UNZT.1O=HZV?TFK+XZ_-#

TS#2-/=WJ8:;%X:5I6&D:5EH]K+0XG#0-(TW#2*N'D1:'

MR3#@(@Q8-@R8!@.1O#2`-B*&1^2ZP+.2N!N!Y8O$3Q?QLV8W/T=O:.MG=)(6



MU=R[_J

MO%+KTT;[+$WU'Q_.[0']+S5$G_^KQ%+_VT;[+NVT_
K!9JEP;$3N4S\SF?5?



MXG8B($1D_;$XB=R`K.\




5I=[FAU1^+.RN0W];57@63,W*\
MCEPB,]$4R_MO@=`T(-0P61'BO*
63:







MEM\XV_PJ8(G35P0/F2P1(%R$!=!PD68/'Z(1L3H\M4F
BY.7I2B_?1DDH-




)==_M'ZEM+5?^=BN*[XY'W&L38Z%_^8YVR-NWCUA=X6\4Z72
M`?QOH[V7]LRK0CYDW!SQOE^6_:B(
N*GC?99VC







MX2)X2










!A!6'#--C(Y!N#@$O&


PR[BL&7CL&DX[
G8Z2)V



;%4?\_RF[/
M^)F<!-*HQ_488ODYG17HX5KN)[)UUO?U[-]`
C_BS

4'50J97:

M(

+PH=QVX-25!*.
T


`9WQC_L

OUR26[[V8=T9F$4%PB.5KLS<2R^,&\.;5P.4B<'E+
M2-K$TA*2O!IL7`0;;PDCUA)&O!H@7`0(JP8(TP#BW'?1=P?XK8K%ZLAHEI]




D^#@(-$_K]^5@21+:]L
8BH]JES1.9I8+BQ

$GD_W;K%L!BI:L%;*R+38`-;7K+^;
A0I
^
M!0BY$*;6'8H)D&0EX

M0:ODB05LWXK+;3FVFX;M?VD02


0Z[
MB



M()]JG@;Y++$



@Q8O!PD6P



D



'L3R_3.#&`:9F?QSG&#_YFG0?#?&N*_:?B?


M&E=+S%C\RL.:L\;0YNL`B7G*APD786(39R9

M[WF5`RIL8*A0;;UD?GZS/!P`*)FG@0%%XN[`P&




O!7:3%POUC1;.IW595./QKMI[1ULY:G&W[5/&W6



\F`8/7LS




MO5G_@@`*



M7-!0WEB67=9:P


MF`8;65P'61:S82/S-`AL6$/0

9*
MU031II7OC8!HY$U'C+\(ON;I`P.1-00BTX#H+PT1)FG08#(&@*1:44Q;GK

7G)@&)W]I

I!8*L.P29!D'JQ/_7


M&0ME?VON&LMMT]PU-+[%U8''Y#7$^4IGB/5[=&66J0\M\2B0:!W!#?O&%6


MO)&8F:#F(JA)S$D0KC9QYDJ)V1*(7`0BB=D28JPEQ@Q6X*'B^`A,5O@K6$
M!25F2XQW$>.M&N--PW@OQF47
G8+5JYO
MR@K32S;#U:F@947PY+
#3$\MP'P%A+@/%JZ'`1.KPE*%A+4/#J;YV([U:-


X



M%V.YBUANU5AN&I9[
3:[B

):D)CN'-G]Q9J]U/QZ4Q_7E

_B'
1^O`4.
D^#P(%$ILC\A.L*FS8P+A

0JJM`]MNA:K

Z?U
M5\$`+?

MAP87H6$39QI
@P8OQGH7L=ZJL=XTK/=BCGL7L=NJL=LT[/9BO'41;ZT:;TW#


#0('F:=!X

MXIU!H7S-`BT6$-H,0U:LGAG$`#*/`T0+7A`EL-[4`C=6I:A`9:0\L0
MRU=



@Z`LSD'


QL
M



TX




D\#0(GUA!.3(.3+([99S4#9C)!W6&F=IJ1.5Y;F3P'EHM6:=.UQ$5

M\5LG?I=8.OYHM)_2:L=?G?A;XM9QL3-6G[H9X+@M2TV7AM*F*PG_8ON25B\D
M[D[+$ZYX/H8H9P



M%K-R#GX\GI
Y)TR7#/[J]LQCX
NZP^GY\JXC9HPQ1IGHL5TB-TR7XF;18N25









(


M`H+
4'L@L%9`8!H09/'N







MN0Y8UC5?'N^4-]W'KN]5PW3EM7
&_F_QZ9+`-?Q7G]WQ0$)YVWC+&PZ@P\:#
M#M.@0WUVQP


3G4.KKVX_

MY@(%L&UB?75[HP&;BK
C9$G
4S9M?G7[2*PB

M=KN(W9.X^!U+6N6POMQDWHVUKNGP'5J^IIT3B6FX:AJFFH:GIF&I:3AJ&H::
MAI^F8:=IN&D:9IJ&EZ9AI6DX:1I&FH:/IF&C:;AH&B96;?$P%I*AT]/S6/%
M:?)6JU





`Z(LSEW?O+J]Y&D0(+*&0&0:$.4@*H88%R'&JB'&-(CQ
M8N82%\&C5L]XW%];6SP'EFL_:=






*TT\
7@?7F:6C3@QGW$I
@L'(1K#9Q



#^O+^EYFWNYY%-_5+P?!]TTL

`XHL
MWMD$.

M%+)X9PN@(_

5U


MBX;%IC&CC#'RG(+%EH?#IF&P:?AK_?#7\K#7--PU#7.M'^9:'MZ:AK6F8:WU
MPUK+PUG3





M@T.*BY`B
5NA;4$R5F2U!P$12L&A1











+4[T.8^L#]QBLO*V%8'U
MH10

D^#0(4U




@YPLCDU8%HF!*.-J#D2UT0)1
M+(^U$(UULSS2.8T

M4%X9^:




MIN&[/@RGS\N'L7

XCP
M8@/#BVIWMPZ$

MY.JE#




G%-6:2+#[?'\S-L3[C`@?KK3G.FX;S61S-3\]\
MFL@


:`H9I@)'%VS8LJU)0DAEJ#R6UU0))


M
;.!BV!@U6!@&AAX
9.!BWANU7AN&IY[
3:[B



ML&HP
`T

MKW_]\]__WY\O__R7?_F/?_@___9?_Y_YY/8Y%X

M#Y8N!9O^Q^'N_L4?M[PXC







M=1=C-]_$ONYB[.:;V-==C'U]$_NZB[&;;V)?=S&PO0EVNQCLW@2[70QL;X+=
M/L9^.3^KX/LE'E[!VW:?Q4


M4

;^-:HXUA:UQKM#%LC6N-:[$X



[.<[];1W[

WQ[F_C8%M7$NU
=B-:ZDV!K9Q+74M


;R-
M:XTK



M9=8%V2_$:EV01K;._6G$:BV51JS64FEOC6PK(\RYZM]_+?FOSS-BM=9((U9K
MC7S
@T:V]7S$:CV11JS6$VED:\V01JS6#&G$:LV01K;6=5OF7)5M)U9KC31B
MM=9((UMKC31BM=9((U9KC0W;.U?]K
_D]T^
;
N^&MF6$:NU1C[?02/;JC^)
MU5HCC5BM-=+(UEHCC5BM-=*(U5ICPV@?5NV[VG:R+;MK9%OVT
BV[*F1;=FB

MW;DX;=4XU/7[6_NT



ZKK7;B(YK[3;BX5J[C7A8NVCC

MQ+HWVS)BY=J^GX]L^9QO(U:N[=N(E6O[-K+EL[R-6+FV;R-6KNTWC6O#;A^Y


M:[?1S5QKM]%LKGWW__Y`Q7]]SM-VKGW;:#;7OFVKQJ'6)QB[K%VT?34.==YW


6ZY]VQB[
MK%VT





M(U9KC32RM=9((U9KC32ZV;D_C;YV[D^CFYW[T^AFY_XT^MJY/XUN=NY/8RRQ


M&WP^#O5\9

N



M_ZG[J`?/HZ_K
0\:?5TV:O1UV:31UV4GC;XNFS7ZNNRB
7;+KAICM^RN
78W



MU5HCC6RM-=*(U5HCC6YV[D^CKYW[T^AFY_XTNMFY/XV^=NY/HYN=^]
82^S_


O0:<3J.G0:L;JNGT:VKNMO&&W'JNUW
M^X5LRQX:V98]-;(M6S2R+5LULMTPUTUS?[#WGKW#/FUDZ[IWGC?X?&1;SW?0
MR+9LU,BV;-+(MNRDD6W9K)%MV44CVPUSW33;=[7MMS:R]=HPSR-;U[W3R-9U
M[S2R==T[C;YV'3J-OG8=.HV^=ATZC;YV'3J-OG8=.HV^=ATZC6:[+IS[F-%V
MUX73:+9S<1K#UG7A-,:NZ_II#%OG\USKLK]NNCFW_9U?5=`7[LNG$8W6Z.D

6RME](8MM9+6^9\F_N*D:WS;1JQ6B^E$:OU4CX?L5HO
MI1&=]5(:T5DOI1&=]5(:\5@OI?'VLE[:
N?;;!_9.M^F$:OU4AJQ6B^ED:WU







LR#1E^7C1I]739I]'792:.ORV:-OBZ[:(S=LJO&
MVV[:XS=#7.NRGXA6VN--+*UUD@C6VN--+*UUD@C6VN-+7.N^EW7OL1JK9%&

M(U9KC32RM=9((U9KC31BM=9((UNO[7_7M2&Q6FND$:NU1AJQ6FOD\Y&MM48:
ML5IKI!&KM48:V5IKI!&KM48:L5IKI!&/-4.VCWBL&=+(R+6$-**SGD@C.NN)
M-**SGDBC[5[;I]$ESM-I=(GS=!I=XCR=QIAW;2:-X6X-ED;NW@OPN[Z;X.5[

MR[GQ=\T!O`QKAMS7CSYS[D^CSZR)TN@S:YLT^LP:
^WNZ^0QZW4^--X/94^-
M



^SA_U74Q.7B_:1KG66=E^P[:L=O'
M^&0/S#YO]#S&;O79I/%^*&


S];TQAG?K:F

M&]
88GZVIC&6_&Q-8RSYV9K&6/*S-8TAYF=K&I$[5Z61K9]U:63K9UT:D?M9



MY[5V&D/




M\YHRC:'I-64:X_
W[\TTAJWK!6D

M-(:#U^%IC(G??-:ET6SKNMS[C:99UZ4Q5+QFSL=DO/SFO9G&
/)Z.FW4.%2M

(P)KOC2&K35?

ZZZPTHK
V32

M:]


MWTVSGL@]U0;/HZ_K
0\:?5TV:O1UV:31UV4GC;XNFS7ZNNRB
7;+KAICM^RN
M
78WS'HB^X5LK2?2R-9Z(HULK2?2R-9Z

M)%OKES2RM7Y)(UOKES2RM7Y)(UOKES2RM1Y






TWD+6/6F\

MR3@DH:YUFUY2MD

M65)69$UY(^^4




MDGEA)Q2SL@Y94;FE`MR2;F[&6#VP0-YI#R15\J+DKLJ:\D4_*ATWB/KE'
MW!?YI@P\VI/=D.*2,RIDS(E')SBDS

MLB!+RHJL*6_DG7)&SBDS

MA$PI)^24\F#SO$?N^_A$7BD+LJ2LR)KR1CXI7^2[(50!N:?AP#E#GG-`CBDC
M
J9
R)1R0LXI
S*G7)!+RA6YI=R1^X90!60?/-@V[Y'R1%XI[*DK,B:\D8^
M&T(5D'L6?MF[ILR\&A#/MH!.::

65$QI0)


M
^0Y!^28
B)CRH1

'\DAY(J^4!5E2

&'FW(1SL@QY01&5






M3'DAKY0%65)69$UY(^^4





^SP$YIHS(
MF#(A4\H).:?

&SAGR
MG`-R3!F1



=D&


(
M)%?3R.07`D_C$!R)3/SQ3%V.&'*TBNA)^M(+D6-[FHEK*5)
F5L)$DR96P





M]P.O3//*10\[_B






2SBF1*87!BD
MN1^8UOC9:LU

MO;36[R-.*0Q$`DWO*8KV[M1FY:$H5D'4:-W+55P7%G_3[NI
3D56?]
.L$





M1FQ..6SXLT&SXHZ^6!8P-Y)Q5JU5:1S.Q_6(\ACLK-&!'?VB39&Y!I#[%T

0V/1\
MX*1T
XQ&D5/:F14==)FE3(W4\TUTRKA:M95%B5-M:X
QTMR+8#

CBIQ&#R7

94:HL4AE
MB#*EJL!Q9)S1@DB;5[2$D92+@BCX%$='5H*2I)Y4Y([GNG.G(*Q$1B$0MVCP
M-&4QC7A\*FBIC(B@.5$0O\Q8)1NU(KY%KB#B^53=Q;RH0.+`

0

NP('S9TU]2C0$DYW1[%U=

M[

M0X!@:Q^+=K+GVWCJWA`8U)2IS(BBJR6@I\M:$\P+2NBFQT'H'O)X241;5:A
MMK%F/VIZ/0GR)0%]66'LSY;.]0IOI#6A@1J[Z0^8]



M8-0=Q(/=M.T.SH:[NSN(!]T/]XJ.V@34F6G\FBO#G'






H3I2H`

97ZB)9$S7M

2\(J9#RL

@1WGKUKZ
M9:^'X.5P\O9+LP/_B&!/#^1<J&_\\A=EQY.[6[FRWD!
\%G4#*=`[!T\MY\



MX

MN59_UO+F)5BKA-&W+8XQ7H=O$..\%25&](B060KTDZA@Z/]9J.!$,AZ/(C8
M*^CT*
VQ?+)GB&92F);D4X5\P=;DEV1+'J)Q0D[.N)LPCB/^JAIZP;!G3$$


037K;/85)9[&6%47NB[DJR=Z[H7&UI7
MD@&ZSPA38.YEQ+0


MDMPL:FHW\+S8;0AKL678B(]P\*)@&;WGV;&AK;(D@M9$@7Y9L4[V;$WV$;J&

M9D.;=`

M&J9'`)R35_-[8KFJ$AS&3K3T0C^(


MPWJC=&\A2[-C6GHZDPJ@,E1!6,X]`;#.IM@.)^#%S\G-6R('@.H/44D;Z'
/XNXO````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`J0<CVS\&``S'0``&0```'AL


M-EA[M]*==#K=PVM*2((V0`1TN_OM;\R8A[$'TWO3-IZ_)S_&]G\H/'W\GM^\
M;VE59V5Q\
??WIZ
M*ZNO]35-&P\R%/7!OS;-_7&YK)-KFL?UHKRG!43.997'#7RL+LOZ7J7QJ9V4



3X%IK&/WV+,3^X6GY
M#6J<:-$110^^-XBH(NH4JLXJK^SRJK4LAX/*C;ZRC4**78[N@W'&U)0!61
MK0C75(9R::7$$Y84893C1Y\\(JA$&)ODJ((?O:B??\=;7&B685T*0@G+#'#

=K%AWPQU)VBJ70XNTQUC-6JB&4?PB!J]KL.N


O*9


M/JE%^AAMMN8VG8G+Z3A%!`IFS0
U;)31MDJM0L;-UJHB)ID(R\G9%)#O-0'3
-


\&'6/

6H4/Y:T'D#KJ..#JW1H^X)CFQ'=G^-(H3ZM+&J6W



!#Q??N38AZZWD\
MN]$RY0M6TPHL%]:4J8#'YNKQNJ'I6;U4%E[@^RNO3//*10_;YB
^V.629_0K

Y.W

[VD]T+\S1Z_T_QZ$]#N2+Z2L0(BP:=3YG(&(/7T77T_\K.X[=WE



R]

M];?K$MPR/J!V+0J/;
'2*)V\JD@GK7EC[B6\AN#AO:3-E2:T*+B3L7L%8A_`



0K5NWC:N/'\H7

M^V7S_?DTV__(M[NOWTYP][4J\KA_QI/P_XN7G8H!-'WS]T
CQ!-V3Z=O#XW6



M^D&J^NZ3`FF;^D$J^7X)5*&L'/PC)5#VG=8$TASUPR_5*I1VJ!]^J58A/%@%
MAHD


73!RP=@%$Q=

M'Q-)B*1$
B(YD8)(CTB?R(#(D
B(R)C(A
B4R(S(G

RVA7@#?E\57*[!1JU0M,$0:URG1(V`^<-QT9!7G$BR)A)&66



E-(

MJ_P`W4*

M
.'#57%AO]L_2NU+?'I$T:IL8[PIJG9T1
TH$F4$Y990)
M


ML4;7IH

R6)6NEC#)&
M.:.48]1G]&`T9#1B-&8T831E-&
T9S1@M&2T8K1VD*VFU4.['-SE1M;;JY0
M?3M

MM&HOL.4L)W.C);8*1CTVWS=:-?.A4]6!T1+S0[8U
EHU6VY5QT9+;$T83=G\
MS&C5S+M5G1LM
;]@6TNC5;/E5G5EM


Y:T9+*6@JL1)D*K&VMH^=?86SSX]

MA0M!IBH]1GU!E=W`K=U`Y
;*D-%(4&6EY=1N;



M

%IJ5*O$2K2

U*ASQ*
FY'J`2S!\!FICL`2#)F1
MZ@\LP6`9J6[!$B0\\*;7.RC3\9;!;!:IL86M85*+U!##$LQFD1II6())+5(#

JC/3X)



M8@F.@S!K^B0X

M;CX);L9%ZK88E\&5.-3-)^F$2EP!8'+X`09+2T7WJY/(5$'P%P&![YHJ4^


0M6=3`)\%E6-3`)\&=6-3`)\'56'C;)\$-


MO(V/7E#&)\$W*FB/+WJ[D*@O

MYI/@RR_4S2?IW$3XS)*?W[F+.KZ1LGL7X9L[UD_O(GQYQSR[B_U'?,4TO)

M-
6?#

`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M;)Q]67

49`($TG(`
QH]M^O9U=&



^'W]\]




^\/=O_X8/WA=__^W?L$.
CQEP__BW?\4.!;^J:$!?
M'XO=F7CC'__^+Y'JL-/Z\/?CL9.@NG_\[8CLKN27X!___B^12K'36O'J7_)N

ZT5WBA'W;]`WLU%K1:7QRYC\[^X]O


1`&0-5#-0Q
MT
1`&P-=#/0Q

3`&`-3#



A
R$+%LD*&'






6Q8

MB*LXUJS5L&/+4



M0)]`J?'D=39UZY45X$$B%1X8F@;SP9504L_(BO`AT%`YCYU:G5NS\

S0(
MI%HC0Y-`JC4SM`AD%+I;L%J%[O!HP%JA8
ZCBMIBN=SC'HN+SC.A:=O8_Z
MT-R[G&U[


]W4;WNE1?A@55&AB9U
-M?)2_1J!5+AEJ!-H%=Z?


M5;%5S5##4
M:'5OU#`T
C:PUL=7
T!)`01CVSVP.'/%PH/=0--!'+2_U5IL2




=`\9@+IJ)HS5'@(898\EF*E6I5`JE4S
MU+!6*U:JU0FD6CU#`VN-8J5:DTJ-3.T'1T#`O=K=^M0E_7]4&A^Z4^)@*G


Q#F_:2




M=A`/O_S&=.




M6.AN@V4S?3JUYG7C)9@CK5`P-O/J937:=(29VW;%
.^Z\5
S-89F;[4=XS&
M;&G%5;CT*6XR4;TJ$[58A9F(5@-6`4_*
Y$RYGH3

MPU8AD`Z!)6M5;%4+I%J-0*K5LE;'5KU`JC4(I%HC:TUL-0ND6DO@&!9ZM/^C


JV




\+=:88WJFU\TP2E8N62H
M\M#+B=7B*(GMHY5X(P;:^;4
=:]*K!='22S^GF40`TUL9&AZ56*S.$IBU/Q\
M

MJ/+01JL6*]5J!%*MEJ&.M7JQ4JU!(-4:&9I8:Q8KU5H$.FJ%[?*9O99SWFOQ


M0&$(W-IYTR!.4Y-U31U4?+_6QY_3$BW^'#
PT*/-$FE_%[Q%XB&WS#^U/S[,P%MMYR8K</E
M^8=HN




M.(:%[G8#K$)?=PF0E^A8(3APPPN_/:MO-


]2P8\M0QXX]0P
[C@Q-[#@SM`2.0:%?

M


91[:Q%GJ&H9*V*K6J&&H9:UNK8JF=H

M:-7:0`5;E9()K0$56]4





AWC=4LMCF$F
MHLZ[
;7B3+2BI9GH3



M6IM

3*9C
M'(Y9'(-


0]_9



M#2;=)
R]U78CE!U+ABIQ5*U:(-UP;-BQ9:@31]7J!5*M@1U'AB9Q5*U9(-5:

M6AQ/B44?!S1BH(FU#'6O2JP71TF
!D`QT
1&AJ97)3:+HR06'UR^B`'WQ=?6



7/-A'W29

M1(W;C.#&5?BAF]F
ML(I!Z1P[M*B*8C&#TK$8K&E0.A:#=0Q*QV(6
&X^S3DX(&\'
V\IF-1D
#=.
M
RWF`.9@,BF8U&0R,)G)8+F.TK'2*<X-1V7&Y;KJ+T6<[C:(0=6:\23*:A9
M#)XSH=PL!D^-4!

X$5$Y/KX
M
WT2T+09O<2+:%H.7.1%MBSE<GB-RUK0:KQ@CA:#%X:1`XO!Z[\H
M:XO!R[PH'8LY(&\'
V\IF-1D

M\-D1XF

(T24T&
+S.#K<^3::HWXR!RURF+P,3)R
M8,TM\6DQHF`Q^%`8)6HQ^.P7Z5@,/N5'KJT<X(M]I&,Q^'`?T;88?+^/:%L,
MOM-'WBP&G^LCVA:#XS.@9O6C.4#:A:#PS*@9C$X



Q
M.#



M8#(X$P^E8_G@:+PD

SL2=
M[
@
CN)

`L8=]\@
SF)

SDE$KBT&


3D)-


M77!N
J)@



V\IF-1D
C#NX&@N:QP0CEIE
068PF1P'#^B8.4-1_`C

MZ5@
+BY`Z5@


M#7)@

IP+B+

MX*9'1



;C'%W7'8A8P[D)9SL'A#.
V[C%E)@/C

MB\'%RZ@[%H/+EE%W+.8`YF`RN+
:Y6;Y9&`RD\%UU:@[E@_NJ4996PRNJT;=

@KF9'%P&-[2C5ED,+FI'K;(87,Z.6F4QQAW2SC7$%QQCUQ;

$
YK
!&8R
MF1G
;#(+F

9@*SF
QACQ%];ZVJ

M
YO

`:8PF1)
:3(5F-IDECUZ97SHQ:W^@-]S
M
']/B8UF0Q,;C(%F,)D2CER51@:I-IP#0FTX)I3:8#TYM
@S)HS#)HP;0F
MTX'I368`
YC

9D.S&`R$YC%9KDH#9ST(!I3*8%TYI,!Z8W
MF0',8#(CF-%DNAU6'SNK]Q_`#8S@AE-9@(SF\P9C&9`_)V,/.6@DE-)@.3
MFTP!IC9$DQI
M


AF8W&0*
(7)E&!*
MDZG`U;3@&E,I@73FDR%7UJ;O[0!TYA,Z8UF0Y
;S(#F
%D1CCR0P[[*6M
M'R=%\1G!C8S@9E
9@8SF\P9C&9`_)V,/.6@DE-)@.3FTP!IC9$DQI
A7R


M$DQI
B
61E8//V'Q8XT6$[:'+?L%2R(+SW88Q7;6KF0%IC&9#LQ@
A.8Q60J
M;`!;Z3=8VEAXBX6-A7=8O%B_N\/&KV4_8
EIX0?WHHPQ4\O0_5IS_`K#LX4?
ML&2R]%

GWYO
CW]?'C;IX







M-=(:'/A4V1P-:1R*7([ZS




M(5?$T9`KG@1.RY-=1F6J=)?4L2HM6HZOXRM])99GZ[5X;/;'A3:?VBVMM_.M
MQN9H.*
=BER.VL3:2E@7WF#GB7V.AL0!12%'O



UV)9!F\?&DED%FRI
M&*',8D(L4]KG'2RL0FD[6.P&*U1JP9HW6+U2Y:^P6J46G#9P4AE\N/.@_'(
M++C98#PRBXF1LKV?MH-#U]A)+3AH





WG_YZ






MR\31DD*REFH4EGH$E!FX(N!7T*AA2
*9A2L$G!-@6[%.P#$#D:`\(O.=JE



M3V0@


HZ!.2T859ZP9-9RQ9=1QQI[1P!E'
M1E.4
?:6FTX'WCJVMGF:C2F9N#QWTS

M:)F5-
MHAO-UDVFK8KPDVR]NMRM?:`B5L$(Z-'Y^;&Z2D$ZU:@$Z5.W9M0(4ENM(+75

*D%Z5S6C1I#::AEU@M16SV@0
MI+9&1I
@PRMN

M*)@%UHP:S7A8DDNBXU9EL=NQD9[1H!GUKI979_%=C9I*S$^P@?\E*O*VY\


:QY;UJ=;<


!:+F5WH4[`4I&-;)4CKL6;4%);K2U

M:+U

]HT&L/%O6**E\66?)8WB*#

M\43

9U58K2&UU;*MG-$A&M34*
M4EM3E#'VRA
!R)(#$(^2J782XQ4^%2:
.J]8G5_$\XI24\F\HO+H#/
H#2&#

.E(U@N:!'V_XX[):U:6L3I!:Z1D-@F;#E\F=CBJ+W4G0P6[LYR2D

MK%8R^A4F@B)KF7UC(97E35*1EEE2?K#)/JAK+B1NACF%R9RSGF2=@DYU


ME4Z$YA@%[M(1;G&:OFK+\9KHT
C#)8UDDEYH&AE[2D85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
M1D83HPVC+:

MSBHXE0UHX91RZACU#,:&(V,)D8;1EM&.T;[
5.3V*IH]


M*KNM&%&[G2#;;O^2W=B;R5Q?QL`5S^D]BF.JBZ2U%CZ5?WVQ?)L$O:7HVA\K



MSJIE'







M;_P\G50UDN)YX^TQF1KOA(GQ17KEO:1XTGCLX&1Z3@Y.%IK6QVF[N@4+34GW

&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:&&T8;1GM

MMHQVC/81BCWLH@;+PW
T$3T@9Q3T_\*]WD(]!*AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD
M-#':

.D:]1]CH)R4.FLJOCR?K/:
FD#P3
MHPVC+:

A*%ZGNDRJ#)()K=7&:PV6&.PUF=


MU9E2$\D-5FRJ9M1H1AV45^E.G593B?F.;?6
!LVHYM.+'S616)_8U(;15C.J

:1

;'7G(



MMBJ+W4Z0VNT9#8*BH2&][%%3B?E)D)K?

MNS7L)'+W%4F=@N/4#^2D:5(+VKFE$C2&VUC#I!:JMG-`A26R.C29#:VC#:

MJ3P*9G\UHT8S'L*/9)6W55GL=FRD9S1H1KTYZLNCIA+S$]O:
-IJ1G?9J^2I
MMU-9[.XC(W&G2.+^8Y5Q?(]MJ;[*Q&XA*'B!QZCR**H


?@EE$G

J

&LWXS.C=:BHQW[&MGM&@&5WW75PEW7M470Q/;&7#:*L9G[GN


QH$J:V1

:!













M4C`J&56
:D8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4T1BKV2A-CR4N*0VF/@JY7,H958QJ1@VC

&3/O+GZ#9J5C



5
VH$:0-



MK1?);+CPJ:(X:DU?_M)4XJA*S&


MG0[.A4_FSA()4B4SW%)3R?U48M^=;W_




M)'D^+B^RC_/^G$3!

/%'?DJ7@JG$,
M$L?%]E'\SX7V?[@]:3T?(G+
NSD*-HJ^2
C%F6MN

MLC6




2P%FW-Q/Y8U;
N%-4O!
M[ERT`TO!)MW



MAU
0X#=+P7$'\)NEX-0#^

`?K










MN%-+P5=Q
O?Q&
Z3K[&Z



MSGDJ*.X#[JS44-QWW%EIH+AOM[.#]^CA5A*NT3?7MJMGW;5'KDZ4UE@#*8

M`Y3!5$8HHZE

D&9





X+GAM;)2:66_;2!+'WQ?8[R#H?2R1U$G8'H0W@5U@

M#]/H;CZ==.=]_W0XOSQ
__RC^FTSG5QON_/3[MB?NX?IW]UU^OOC/_]Q_[6_

M


?
MS/WIL+_TU_[Y=@=W
QTHSWD[V\[@Z?'^Z8`
5+=/+MWSP_1#E+;):CI[O!\Z




MJ1BI&6D8:5WBA8\)(H2OJ!^^)IA/-%5R1@I&2D8J1FI-$M0[X]*-E\%
;48E
M:KYU'7D9X?!S

M1!=2:@HTC+2NE9=6A`YR\J)U


MPF@E.&VMUBH8J9*T;!`51_5/M=B0X0];;$E+F`BJ
!#ZR=0+-L1
E?/HI\19

^A:IV
MV-W&9C$P03

M@)UKA\K#5UN0VCS1BH0*CDI;E;&T**:M*ROAJ.6D)(*@J$1$RMX`Z?

M(6M=3WC#IQ&R)K=YI!%2)%1P5!KD9:4-'51SPX:CUO/E)Z)*!2$174%XB6@4

5134BO/N:XL7)RW!+BDU9MCT+6`_;+
I;!L-GM!9Z]47S

H*Z`W/5GM)`D


M5%





.1KK`)Y;CTW
M?MYRR80!`?0('=9&K2Q`1<<E83L4W+%44W(^FHX:@D-OOQ$Y!H(-W8L$8UP


;.UHJCFA`JH'&K8(TU06/;





MBT)LDB2+MHAMN$L*9R(DA2C!G2=BDVQP]8G8)`EN0!&;)


M'FPD21YA5];W%T%?XS44;
2Y$RW1!\-Q'-C@51'Z0)+@C1#:D21X


M='


/\SYS*P#U]_7
[6][KKF_:ZL[T[U[;J


#G:!_F_JMG_V_U9_:MZQK]G\TUQJSC3J1

MR!J`]/('_7UK]L-I9_O+N\5FY:W6BY5M/=?]D#9DL&U5K_W07OYC7AZ/Q:(L

]3V2\#OC[ODX_'[J.=@+=&KP

R``[FC
M9E3N5S03=Z)9)!L*



M6$15;IA\M(NHQ3R&I






(1&A^!4AUETT!Z]&Z4


_S

MI#&TF79=Y#%T/YVC






%

M&=(MLC49LBVFV&0HMIAA:G#&I^

`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0#D7]FTXQP``/J

M=#
V+GAM;)2=6W
;.9*%WS=B_X-[V.)%E+%;8GFJPK[]?=9[5


ML7^Z^_T[KOM?G=[=O?@^_`^Y?WRX?]H_[[^\O(.[B[:@?









!&M%N$BRQD1YHH4
MEFH4EGH$G!*`7C%$Q2


B8R(3(E
B
R)S(@LB2R(K(FLB&R#8D

B$R)3(
MC

M9$QD0F1*9$9D3F1!9$ED161-9$-D&Y(H+N@36G%Q.(Z+)^U'FNO\#8GD1`HB
M)9&*2$VD(3(B
B8R(3(E
B
R)[(@LB2R(K(FLB&R#4D4%[RJPKCX'OX[]SGS

B8R
M(3(E
B
R)[(@LB2R(K(FLB&R;4GG\
:'(W$




Q<T&$VY3#D6G@459<V88`J2:B^
M:H]P79)CP[Y&C



MABMAU3M

[<W9OH8T:B.=MY8.-]X)9K@=3Q[.
M%@7M[1?_X?^HC9B.:/HR!AR:CBA#6CAA..&(TYX831E!/.&
TYX8+1DA.N
M&*T]AKJ#:-ME#.EAMUL1Y./QJC-6?0:9&;M]?&-:TK0['2]B-G5#`J/4(#




ZC6QT3&'H4CIPS*B3A]?&-47H4C
)7G+!FU'#$:,Q)YPP
MFG+&:



M5\FH\@C7);YJ1@TG'#$:]).SH315)6:\9H+DA]+1@M!:FO%:.U1\$U;AAM
MHX1QM%X9J.KR0)5'T;16EQ]8/YP5=85H'%M\:6@*0:@`ISI?K?NH\V7E2./8

+C1
M-(ZM5N)^*^BU^Q57+'S/A:^!-_MCSC[Y-FO13?AZ:%'4'R-48`&@\]7V+PZC
MW:5'47^


5ISP@VCK4=6?^R5
MH3(\#12M%KT/OZ0]BBH
S7%[7^]]$]]+YKP*T=5QR:@2=#*O6JS:O&@`O!%=
M\QHQ&@LZF==$K%[I!TQ%U[QFC.:3N:U$N[:[`46;-:
5H+.IG5QEO==&7D


M)E]B0['2.I0S*AB5'H63(&Q5
VH8C=C7F*TFC*:
9NQKSE8+1DM&*_:U9JL-



&D'J



(1





M&PJ**@S-D8J5;^)[R1NE$%T=EXPJ02?SJL6JS8OG2$77O$:
QH).YC41JU?Z
M`5/1-:\9H[F@DWDMQ
KN&BQ%UJQ6C-:3F:U\58R1WI[F0SH;L7-(;/XG9
MV[WY3N#QO%Z+PCE203KGEPO2MK
0I'W=DE$E2'W5@M17(TA]C1B-!:FOB2#U
M-16DOF:

M^&E[@SWCDM^I#+Q9%^
]:I=^S@5&TBSE!BL
5AJL
EAML
9@(X.-#38QV-1@
M

IHQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPV@;H3B`R4C9





47$G9F@PLY]EFEB(-^BV[Q$!^#=W69O':&WLJ/



M



M8NLH+W/2E-!
MLY^Y)I'3H'G/7


%$7N:F


M(PJ6
D`^`S
?S+MF0U/)H;C)




M!I&S%/R2!I&S%/R@!I&S%/P\#HKUL8)?QB%REC*`MX'I;0@E-Q7\*@J1LTI0

$EH*?8J
$EH(?5J
$EH)=
C*W;0+G@PTR
M
K=[`BO8)R-SFRBP@NTR

$)B*=AF)'.;2'`:[#:2
MN;TD6

MR=RV'JQ@_Y?




^
M1
QKBCEH*=B[$';44
M;-B*NF-]Y6#?5M0=2\'&K*@[EH+M-E%JJ_W!YIDH@:5@*TQ$P5*PL27NJ*5@

M8VD'1QO[8B
*EH+ML1$%2\'^U[@'EC)`09F;`U
NJ;53;L?8S(60KV.T9]


M]@R1LY0!O`U
;T




]L-+@H+_




M#ZO6GQZ^NC7L[?^\M)LFGOV^?WG9/V(5$!:X[^X^[W!8^N4[+/_YLM^_R/^@




]M=ZD&_-F]
M+/M;5U=/H]'EO/1==[N\5


L81\?FQ4/?$)_\/U0



NG!P8J;
M4NAO-WK\$=?Q

MZ)BWB9;G;ER#O-!ZC_RD





4$2@J0$R0B2$Z0@2#E'



MY





L1$3W


67-(JS\.K=0.EW@$2B6D


HIX8%

=9'*MVH

\.IPK86_BT+?XN_U-U+
M'=?G<[\XMJ]7S#WN50_W$\R_WL'$ARP:&!L2S#B^^;%)\)70Y[$U,2PB?%4T
MAF'B/AQ91HA6(5YAZ<B?U_!O&SA:AWBYI`81(AV+D@R\2.K)Y1`R')
?260






`4$L#!!0`




M[@!/^'=Q;%4/8.OU#_WYUCZ
SS=)OKE8;U=YFJV3Q7TSC%];M399[%^&L3O^
M:912
F6
9&0$GXR1#Q;FM!?M+8G7^PKJ!U^*1U:7:Q35=7^191?[`04KU=
M?-+C-W:TJ1)IU?48WU[W7=O_0LM(=SK4Y`NH
1RBNYG#*-@N^5]IU2OTFV

M?)5J4IGBBQ#I(EZ$Z*\P0IRB=ZNMU-$8V.\4#LH=!DU:'P4]J4Q!1XAT$2]H

]=$27CW?`G:,56
MOE04@X`*5<376^0IN%(J4LBW6F$3D**8Q=:DM)!N2S\L18],6,2:;E@&0EC6
M;)4:(%82

8ANI)





M(N+XP*HOP\$$0!#.W1P0`H]ZP*PTQY/2&4%R-H;`_8!XLL]BLB?(':-C2
20

Y&R]53F!GI_O+8*-%X'/AFL34I6*.

M*17/Q;`=T@Q![GA-$#ZL)Q%#TD*






M





'#@:5]^WIIA:)49(ZYU.Z\N

'SS2F12S



MBDA-I'2$NF(]$0&(B.1*221']#T0S^X:.',1(RO/^[O?LL/&'-62[!@U&/_
M.!*T$TLVX4TW5S$HU6Y*$FGJHC41!HB+9&.2$]D(#(2F2Q9S06+7(;8
W29
W0:EZ+SU%]PUHMHXY1S[8&UAH931&*'665


MR-L:&4V1K=A=)F;6FJV-I3$*2#7D*T%QNTT&S

ZL9




H
M&ATMNO257B(F-0D#5`GR8U7-J!'D;;6








*D%^6*T9
\NDUE]0;Z_%8YM/2H=VGE4?*OJ6I&#=MJ1<O;Z@1Y6SVC@6V-









@(A7M!5

&I]0L]MZL=CMV$C/:/`)-;NC%XO=


JXO?!*4'
`JG%92W9%0QJAT*MUM8JV74

M(Z

5D'[X0+3NV)I-JZ:72MM!?CRJ&36K-DD
MO&F]5

M*AE5@GRA:D:-(&^K9=0)\K9Z1H
@;VMD-`E2O)+$_8M7.+[?6F0B%]^^=LE@



):-*
MD&_!-:-&D+?5

M8+*B*IP6EL7S8'69Q
.EEXN/*T%^TZQFU`ARAM-(NO5R
=P)\H9[1H
@9_@Z




M(6V]MNA!9CUG-HB9-S

M
114.:V@J#6CAFVU@KRMCA/VC`9)Z)]K%.1M35'VM'UCX[7OLX%(VONV2\








MU3


M@A\
:D;-AS)K):%

M$\[

M&35LJQ4M;ZL3Y&WUC`:V-8J6MS4)XMU


$)D
MIM6R!-

__*9)$)!F)I[BI^X@
6$52Q09B:Z8@GB
MTLP$62Q!+)J96(LE$R0FY&))#DFN2@I(E520F)B3;:&
#ZK5`FB^:Q6)0CJ
M

CL*9)\NT-K&FC&-XJPIHFP3M6-
EZ/4XQ\!/@#







M.
[

M.YH$WV%DYD


M%U1)M\$8@F\+.0V^_(2O-0D^`
W



M!M2I)L%-#9FY=X#3X'8&U+8FP;T
J&U-@ELOX#=-@ILNLD*5E)4J@3W6LC



E3?\U+A

M


M#/FJH

$OBK9S]OO^^GV^?O]T\O)P_[;WCM=C'_&8AG^P?2







M@'Z+QU















XC6[L(QCHDD/:W:\FQ[1';@10#]?9)*[.I8^ZT*
K$J(M0G$`WEF$E<!CCP/VG[,Z%
MNQ=%3G&XA0E,1Z0DREV692QS^C8Y=6<2%1;#]KQRGT4[G9D)0I&I7B=76(E






M

D.&_+TA?NEVJD
M)NG);]8+5*US%CE#

CJP

9^KU%B




5H+.KNL
MC439%_1&9%W4EM%.T-E%[24JO

@M3\*TJB3
M(/7J!/4-XRRB/

MJF)4
UJQUYJC-HP:1EOVVG'4GE'+Z




=M)0
<1:?&:9SLV*3[K='E^'59':5WM1+5%3`Z:4C\U'1I%2Z=.02I?51
M,I?M
1*&E[TX_V3MTD_IA9=E[5BM'[1LC;2
/P%@K:ND2A=XI;1[D5+W$O#

?P`@D9)WR/W%U2006C4AN&]LDX0Z51XE6S
MUXK16AN&]LELT(U&B7W#7EM&.VT8V-/#!HE]BU['1@=M:':\P


MQBAG5
@2PQ/UL
3`J^*&-:





5IK0]TV6NN-1HE]PUY;1CMM&-C3
M










KN




M4N


RC


AMZ&N2AM]F`4(/CA=NC\=-CX+1N%R0



&!VYX8E1%S6,LQ@-SP5'-0_/N4L[$AB]:(`?2O!1
MWWG3@$2%URTZBG*)TH&*@E$I






MD#'*N6'!J.2&%:
Z:ACG
^Q=!OGD3N35@-R





M;^X;!H59










5HSVC!J&&T9[1CM&;6
#HR.
MC$Z

_Q5@U'&*&=4

M







-JRUXZC]HQ:1@?V.G+4B5''Z(Z]
M[CGJ@=%CA.)B2

M-:

ML^^*T5I







6.#W8+!'88-?4A//
MC%'C@]ATGRXLOE&G-V..87KR0)D,=L$FH4R(%<+D1MA05N4;5%F1!#F0PL
M\$.94!S*A!C*A!C*A/Q0)A2',B&&,B&&,B$_E`G%H4R(H4R(H4S(#V5<2@3


M\


6!/;NODO)





1P#!'#(40


M&+K^6DRSVW08-0@+RF2P^X:4;$4;$4;$4;$4;$4;$4;$4;$4;$

M'Q
6SL0W&$X=?EA++]JH6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H6*H

IKTB_2
87)J1WJ((3W$D!YB2`^Q5I@Q

C/$)1-OD\F?.);&


M2B$T3TK!#4$$I?#]0WP8LXA/W0
+OZDWF0P






UC+5-49]F.XRY35&#IH9QMBEJT-0PWC9%#9H:QMVF



OW-K:$F8].@*TY(P^='5

MU*



M7UM*#:4V%3QTAAJUVN#9L[E[!HB7@^?-4+V6@F?


M*:R]@X?EH5AM\$8&K)NEX
4
.(=8MYG@:/$4O!:QP+UAK@90-0K#9XHP7V


W.V`?6?L/;G+$/


+*XAKG







M!Z4SE066LS7LX22F4H.Q7W=G?=;`:4PE1**^[`[MZFAN.^[L[*XC[SSDJ#
M[6G
[=EV9K*#LK.5/90]J;20FE-Y0#E8HEE-)4*BB5J=10:E-905F9RAK*


MA:F44I3J:'4IK*LGI&P573W)XUMG1C*@V4QE2V4+:FLH.R-Y462FLJR@+
M4UER4PEAY*;2@&E

5%HHK:D<H!Q,Y0CE:H5E
I4:BBUJ:R@K$QE#65M*ALH
M&U-IH#2FLHR,)4EE*6I9%`R4\FAY*920E

)4C


1L_3(IU*0()*1*)*CPPJ4DJ(S*J9,:3=3P+LJBL
MR*JR(9M*08K*CNPJ/=*K#,B@DID
B*CRH1
*C
RJ[0GLN9)LR:258DJZQ(
M43F0JM(06_-&;,Q=5#K:=H!2H1B2KE1#8[V;KFCNPJ!W*HG)&S2D6J2GMB
M#9F]:B0[(TEE0K+*BA25`ZDJ$[%-&MN,SH9R2H+LJBLR*JR(9M*/9$U3[I
M2)M&V[1(J](AG4I`@DI$HDJ/]H#
J@D)*F
R*B2N099K\&+HKLJD4I*CL

KLP



MMFBX$=HWM99%:'N:M6?1V(Y/+






W#\J<#@'__Z^W7]C*'[^\!S4<K-

\@_[S0ZUV67MW\4_T
M8!]]H5NC4%RBHR6D%Y.XW13T4M!/P2`%PQ3D*1BE8)R20JF*9BE8)Z10J6

MR)+(BLB:R(;(EDA!9$=D3^1`Y$BDW684FEG;L-VIEHILAJO\+]E

B$R)3(C


M
B$R)3(C


2?JOC2U6ZTBZC'J.^1[73PZ93VG3`I8:,<D8CCC7F4A-&4T8SCC7G
M4@M&2T8KCK7F4AM&6T8%Q]IQJ3VC`Z,CQT*N5#RIVSAFHAL*;.XP6.720*V
MDG[7RZ_DK9)^RZ
&3%QZ*SU7.EI(QH2:GZ]?)F=4UY=J7KK\?;U^DY3H^1)X
MO*`G79_1X%5;&R9;:S8ODXM+SJ%'C



MP6C':
_HP.C(+9R#0E;:=O2


QHPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC`I&.T9[
M1@=&1T:PEF]MWV/5DB$V?%86*+T7MW[L
\F6QV6SXY7.RR'HI&:0Y&K/5D
M9ESLO3ZC`:
AHYS1B-&8T831E-&
T9S1@M&2T8K1FM&&T991P6C':
_HP.C(

=HSVC`Z
C(]C*M5H\


T;S4%'B7B7'81%D



MF!6C=:@H!Z/6;*5YM%!`(V\Y3
%HQVC/Z
#HR`C^=[2`UOO4TN4K!K641W
M%)/2'7.&B.TJ*6'+KBY5'-G59Y0KB;2Z0Y7!09=1SZ/(CJYB!0VXXI!1SK%&
MC
:*0L)JPFBJJ.HYVJ^Y+U7YC0M&2XZU8K3FBAM&6ZY8
-HQVC
Z
#HR@J^H
M(6$D9IVH;FPDR=5:1G(YW
A(/JT;C?+24[DCK[K)`RLWRFND


1J'BJ
.
F
T#Q4E;CHL





UEQQPVC+%0M&.T9[1@=&1T9P&S4D
M#


#HR.'`LN\X\.
M0@H-+F
6-WCL



MI25AI&J[Q9VTI

M_^DS&H2*ISN7]&'W
=GWUM%

M9\&Q=HSVC`Z
CHQ@*]=JU=FDMP;K1'4C(R&/8QKIQ.
'+!Y%(U:::.4+52Z7
M748]1GU&`T9#1CFC$:
QHPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC@M&.T9[1@=&1


W7RIR535W

@H9S1B-&8T831E-&
T9[1@M&2T8K1FM&&T950PVC':
SHP

]HP.C(Z
8UG`'1!
M,O2\N4K&AO!96:#283EFC+`:DJNV?.9RV-41UJEH_`Z/1Y&KJLEOWV$1ZG/%
M`:,AHYS1B-&8T831E-&,T9S1@M&2T8K1FM&&T991P6C':,_HP.C(*YR3017

(6C':
]HP.C(Z
X
O(!

M'&7&:!XJNB%.TI
N@JZ!EQQEQ6CMD::G6NGDBTTHH)&W'*9@M&.T9W1@=&0$



M9(T[513BSAC-%;FX-\D:#XL@:]REHA!WQ6BMR


M5!1BK1BM%858&T9;12%6P6C':

Z
[G$./&(U?M;5)O#5\P.YGYARY!FC^:LVMH@W



MXR/%\5IWF'0-7N*$09



]HP.
MC(Z

:
)HRFC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
NH8+1CM&=T

=HS^C`Z
@(UG(-
MJ4
L9$'BT3*
5I;0ID:/56W^V&B2HK:

MC(:

#HR
CV
HU43S$
M8M:)ZL9&DO2T9227MHZ

OZC`:AHB02


M3T5./+X/\*@Z/E
4+NM=1CV/JB9D-.*0T8Y5QPQ&G/%:
I5YPQFG/%!:
E
M5UPQ6G/%#:




M;T(!C;SE
`6C':
]HP.C(R/8TYFHW



37*7]/4Q:%M#=1&]7;?/8I)(NKICT




MH6
)Z&`R:6NN@GXFD_9E!1U*)LW

M%-S\P0^6@EL\^




HDF-B!;E.^
!2D/*$#RP%J4WXP%+P233#1O!\\X
M
DE(LX)''9EDG%G!LXQ

\
MWN2]@R:#'\S5
#3

?#U`JTGZ5@A@7:SU(PA0+M
M9RF828'VLQ1
E4#[60IF3*#]+`53O=!*UB_%C*]
9MGP[\&4+K2?I6`:%]K/

R?RV1F$N\;ILGAZ%@*9LOAZ%@*)LUE


MXVWUH
@4
E8PTQ%^M!1

QD]AC7P;Q&.-52
(\:/K'V&C.HX1-+P41J^
12
M

&\:WK(4S$1'FUL*)J1G
E^7HV$2.MQ@*9A]#C=8

MEV7@4TM!=W$IY[ZEX;7$3-X0XR.!MQ

%;R&F

WA%C!2\E

SD33I6\$9G)B_4L8(7.S-YKXX5O-^9


MG=A

36\\B[G
MBJ5AJ0&TD:5@Q0&TD:5@X0&TD:5@?0&TD:5@F0%XVU*PV@\;2GX34@R8H3

'1QD*5CV#CZQ%*QKA_/+5BZA6)EN
MK-2)]K,4+,6)]K,4K,B)]K,4++F)]K,4M!_:019%--H/ZPA#<\]YDC:2U8+1
M?J:&M3K1?E9$K-B)]K,4+,B*]K,4K,N*]K,4++R*]K,4K+^*]K,4++*]K
4
MK+.*]K

NC9[+^-M8)CV3-:=9P6KHF2P]S0J^O@?6'N-[R[`)Y:SR_`





+/UA*'TK?5/#56?C!JH-OR\(/EH)/S.(\LA1\:1;GD:7@L]8X=M8O


BG[KG.$8I\\9X5G$/RS-;6

HN:F
H(Q
90QE:BHS*#-3
MF4-9FLH*RNIO%#RS-8_!&H=G:RH%E


H2Q-986?
MNC)_Z1K*QE2V4+:F4D`I3&4'Y6`J1RA'4QE!&9G*&
K$5*90IJ8R@S(SE3F4

Y4^
ME+ZI#*`
326'DIO*!KN]

MIB(VM5TJ)K4]VH72-:/UH/1
I0^E;RH#*`-3.2(19F58VFU)59I*1Q*5EM*I

M``#__P
0=,]P<H+12D`6.EVO=]O5.#
M:&0-)/4TS-O?WZO#$^/B-^[4-^@XG
/C\UCSXQ\_Z__?/_VXM^W#X]W]S\^


UI
M<?]7[_;N]Z]/J.\K?+I_AMBPK\OOM^)$R#O-__Y<':.&.X^/WW]<';QYN55
M_?5%[?SJ[



M$/3RY3
R64





=

.:$GK(:
MA3`:?A+UANA_.$

M@T


$H!^



Z+E5DYE7I9K-2D5ST2+2)M(ATB72(](G
B`R)#(B
B8R(3(E
M
B
R)[(@LB2R(K(FLB&R);(CLB=R(-)H


_:Z#UBD/K50T=RTB;2(=(ETB/2)](@
B
M0R(C(F
B$R)3(C


MD3Z1`9$AD1&1
9$)D2F1&9$YD061)9$5D361#9$MD1V1/9$#D4:#D56TUF&#

M2=*/!9*7?L%I^@
I=_ED)=0DTB+2)M(ATB72(]*/29)^-&

'C

M]


M
^H$A)U-#=AEK1ZC?H+2?

FB'@%=QZSGGV@X!


W&






6HS
MZC#J
NHQZC
:
!HR&C$:
YHPFC*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ6C/:
-HRVC':
SHP@E^6

6HSZC#J
NHQ
MZC
:
!HR&C$:
YHPFC*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ6C/:
-HRVC':








S&M




J#DE+?^-CO
:LH;/+)/



MEIJ?!70ZU7



4X8*TAHY$BBW'
MB:J98F8
IIQP#EK



Z




K*U

M!A8EO150M+AN


VHPZC+J


MF[#6E-&

=HK
UI[109'9


]7


%R95&TNVL3(ML9&5
MWMJD:F/#-K:



+%:W+
M$B6[(80ZJF4K\JXB6Y#W&/4#B@IKP%I#1B-%%N.8;4U4RQ(Q933C@'/66C!:


NHQZC/:



5\]?+$%[J]0J<^J_?ULT:1.4

E;49M119`&[BBQ@CU$_H@1
M`]8:,AHILAC'C:*+!%31K.`HD3








M
8)G(FE$\M5W5X90Q\:;A;D6:UZ`ZW.)QHGE^@*XS0A,]6X+!JXJ9W3=0T!
M/MKF*X@.&Z5Y*;.D1$W'[B%6])UW$/*`J%++




M.A268








M&($CPR


MGR?!




M%DB[[OAUP9WD
NY`5
#H5WCPMY#Y



!+<PH!:]R2X9@&Y]22X_0BY

M`O/]S9@E+R2A:7LJ4/`FN











M6(*O5A3R30J6X+
4Q=*5X+L3A7Q5@L/@*Q+(K2?!]X$0QIN5X=






M='














MIPCN*D43/'%D&`\_X^$@+9UIKZ1F!9&22$6D)M(0:8G
B
R)+(@LB:R(K(EL



M_N##DRQC3=!2]ZVBSGW:=)EE:--Q;7*;E$\/PGY2$D=$46!3V;%&E$;'?0L+







M61@\*T:U8=D8K$U

'V+)NA.TFX426BD0Z-P\H77BE#)J&)?

M4L71E(U1_:I#-6KHYXO96JY5

'+&H7DI]YUZ.BGJ4;A
3#T;!51X-`ZH
M5!3V42I&-?MJ5OX:A5UOI+DRX9CE'QJX?[Q3S2HGT=TZED+_;0IVS@Y2R\+
M4V]Y%G:*D8EHTH/&;I*S5H-HS9!::/325+7Z&0J*&W)1BJ/TJD@[9NH5HA]

V5RY5'$(
M4
Q9<GCQ`%'<P+CZ(I9*DH;J9S

-^EH1SZ'

M2H]PC5%4
:J#H35O#%+UT28^TA2FTRH:MK(;


M3


5!BL]




GRAS4E14)1
M6%]-O1H.JZ=0,H5A?EXQ:A6%'PUC%I%G:^TA?;49L13FQXAM_VL97Q\E
9W




9HSFC
M!:
EHQ6C-:

2


%+RP:Y$96'QJ.X.@@5:ABT2D:51W(7L9^
CTZS;84Z:&D]-HQ:1C-&
)2M4*&UV5
M1V?N=M7YR=E1?IT+&GJ:#?MI&<V85=&)[B$9K[G045]+Q)':1QE%FE
E$Z$
M9UW1H?CI#:^5!

9FPX9[1(#-
0/#%=/N'I

M



T9S1@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;1%:
=HSVC:T8W
MC`Z
;AG=

M9M0P:AG-&
T9+1@M&:T8K1EM&&T973':
=HSNF9TP^C`Z);1':-[1JB9.&MI

YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHRN
M&.T8[1E=

M+:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:


9HSFC!:
MEAY%;5PQ6GN45-;H+-M;W;#AUJ
L7MF.VE70TGCM&.T973.Z871@=
OHCM$]


EHQ;[6C#:
MMNSKBM&.T9Y]7;/6#:


M5
H^NR!M


_V

MONJ(
S4



MKW.!WS4*C_A-%86+2.$1GN'7`;9DK4JUPJ.'-6LUJA5\M8JX8S1G'TM5OX
M6BH*OE:




IHQFC-:
%HR6C%:
]HPVC*Z8K1CM&=T




_HFM$-HP.C

M*#;D7S10K6#8




MR)`R[]Q'AE4PE
P?YP]
URH/^UP-HU:1NW$V/


X4=89IJ[.9
MW(L;

M&6T8;1E=
=HQVC.Z9G3#Z

MBE'-J&'4
IHQFC-:
%HR6C%:


M
#CB]8*R:+Z+[[4[O8@A[L00=^\O[`4@[HYALAR&7%K@(16]F@ZG2`4QI((8
M4D$



?J#TXL8DN-M



M@E\GAA$
6?`

FUYBY[RR9(O2]=HG1BN


/!*.+



MJ#

;*5\&.5YS<?
ML



M[4*$$4)3A1`10XB((42.136-$!%#B(@A1.0/(2(]A(@80A2S+$2R5C9#Y!?1

$5];5LHP+=U*E%TR*$R+'DH33^Z(VJ1::(6F\JVV#Y$@$1[.6:


M;41?PQEXM60_61F&@J@PLS?6$#5WU
@447

;\IW=V&.1B?Y
Y:(8J^C58`H
MDB]$D1BBV-MV%3;
O2.FO89Z1TQC3UE





MMH@'




$A6]07

*C
M30G/DOOYH]/L@H)KHY\2)_7E&3+3S[_&@^Q1`/1*
D74'$OORO
-?37U/TN6


MC/8WF#7!KLQV
%@MP:[
]B]

MB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJB1CJ

B*%X
MB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%XB*%X8I;%5Q9H9GS=RBV-
MKV?Q3:AC8H@O

M((94$$
JB$5Q)`*8D@%,:2&%+A&&Y=X/RR5
AJ


6B$+
MQ)`%8L@







L%*B*V'56%;**

D?XAO;9O&55:097[^\#/.9(!7PKKX
MXM+5=PKUSDUS#4TO`BY9Y@=!E-^_U;5@BFR8)D.LHLL$M.KZ5&1&
?2NQ%Y



M0Y/TN
@(^4-&R!99((8LDVR0`Q9(%N$G!A[I@[ORR^LN0TX^O6HNGHY%AZ
MS:*/$@WP%8%N



M1YJR3

MAHR1+3)&#!DC6Z2'&-)#MD@/

K7'`[930Z7/Q.`3

MLTS+BC?*]

M&PA9U7
MMU+.O.+C*C#$MS4


161&\Q)F;WKH


M

+YT4W#K

[D[$IQ47N#L1GY8
[DXD[Y8
*3^1


M6C*4YDCJTY+!9AV5OM@,A0[2X8Z&TI?L60HOZ'4H5#^0VE!BT9RF\H-6C)


6!Y

Y-

GDGI_DR)+)O3_)@R7#
P?G

LD/

MS(JGO%\O
;-D\IZ]Q



M


TJ?Q


FQG*EE-Y%6
MX#]6CY#?D455F#+Y/5E4A2F37Y%%59@R^3595(4IDY^+1568
OF-6%2%*8.)
M7%G



C1
MUJFF#


MY`M
;%-`(A]B8DD)B7R/B27X1-6%?):))?@XU85\G8DE^$;5A7RDB27X5-6%
M?*N))?A(%5IJ2?%.!S'&D7Q3C86)()XB;?*N/CX
-MB(XE*2`I3`F^V8;H


D^+HI
M(F=)\)%3Q

.FB(\EP?=-$1]+LD=3]V9+KR&Y-B4WD-R8D@
D!U-R\FM
M*;F#Y,Z4K!9F9(U)&M3LH%D8TJVD&Q-R14D5Z9D!\G.E#20-*:DA:0U)3-(



3
^M59R-22M*9E#LC0E6TAVIN0:DH
IN8
$

M3
D2DJ4I64&R

B;4

M014VK4)0A4T_[9Y/NU?Y@'Q0N3N2J]`XU(9L*NUXR60=[8@;W]U2.#N#F$BI

M&!T'SL@.=D'XA&PJC;HUK5L@H=*1KI)(J@QDJBQDJ112*NW`+GRP*Z#CP*7]
MM_4;7TW

I&E4DBI
MM#TWG%G#97WCEK)*TB95!C)4)K)4BF5(#23+$N_[MN\1&U48L^^K3F;B91*
M([346/)Y_3V!=)5$4F4@0V4B2Z604FD$9)KF:@+I*HFDRD&RD262B&EL@@9
M+2+XUW4KI%0:X:.F6:!`NDHBJ3*0H3*1I5)(J00Q_M00_T1*);[E2*O9_HF4
M2J
Z3:L32*ATI*LDDBH#&2H3F2JQ8[;4?
U$2J415FJ:50HD5#K251))E8$
ME8E


B]Q&96VXUR99XQ?MPFDJR22
M*@
9*A-9*H642B-TT[ZQ8U8@72615!G(4)G(4BFD5`BNTL;&#K%5VI@T0BA-
M







M?

M7^^VT7\]O'[U]=N[/WYY]_OG/S[\_/I_/WQ]_=]__?__[Z=_?_[RCZ^_??CP




F%+R`HA=0^`**
M7T`!#B`84PH!C*O-GDI/3PK:3UG-LR8/Q0;H_V8V[C3)\`--FOO#R&!5S6

/]CXX
M^.#9!T%`9`XF0A6LR(:B%U#X`HI?0`$


Y+17F8O4LQS:LN4Y-[-[B=C=:H`


MCE-[FLAX9S=G_MV=E_BKV0AN:R(AD8A(30ADA+)B.1$B(ED8I(3:0ATA+I








9*UH9T!/


KVC`:@2=8;AO=Z%+('H*.LFU[C$B'22QYMG&=+9NG0

TRQ9
PJ!]*0B1C&0:B6
4B#5RACE0*I5






-MIR`O
X_?4IC2$[@I(


M
;.:S%7

MN3NOR9Z;'%3


8J!)]_+6S)+]#B$4R`5SACE0*;#WG6E
MT,/0+8%4MV)4`QE=K[^-'H9NZ2Z':



';5EK!:EHU\8ZN]2A2)31(DA
H8A2KXSAM
M]F^@$CT
D91%
D:Y.IX::=0*\B5K58QJ=3PAWZ@5Y%O6ZAAMU/&$_%:M(+]C

M=DP8I:R5


V%JA?0*YR;M


KG=KD.AA
MZ*9`JILQRH'L+6NZDA=J!?D22.4K1C702?E&K2#?`JE\QV@#=%)^JU:0WP&I
M?

PH-DI4S
M6$6
8G9

M8EQJ_I&
F):FG8PPZ%9N_?6FP-\368WW#./%_-;)9_H:Y&PF=QJSVM6C-Y2%
MLYFC1L^L&+
[K;1XV=/O1S*;V?V0US6[$^IT-CO9CXS[D2][^OTH9C.W']ZM



MF&RW$'-Y
-9,PH918QB1@FCE%'&*&=4,H958QJ1@VCEE'':

M
:2^VRW$'7)?;9;B+ODOFWG
MYOZXO[*4^].^BSTONYF0/!6#K%XQ6C
*&46
8D8)HY11QBAG5#`J&56
:D8-
MHY91QVC#:
MHQZAG-##:



QH8[1D=#))OZ(N\FR3C]H9U87@Q

39\?W)JY
MX:T9(!T75@:YZ4
OZU0KG'G(*&(4
TH8I8PR@Z8RFE[6J596E/PO.Q1JA:Z6


3LFC%)VS!CE[%@P*MFQ8E2S

L_O#5Q
R'WFSV/7J:O8.7


#QH5
G:/ZN[@K8R4[

976]42/0P=%

D

82+421BF0:F6

M*AB50*I5
:J!5*MAU`*I5L=H`Z1:6T8[(-7J&0U`JK5G=``Z:KF1_\[Z]OB\






M#;^`Q;\2`*OEF4*(P]?S!3!B%`

DUY$_D4A[6IC%$.=+*I`E;V
M1.+NT;^CA)6CY8\1%:RT7S60X^B?;P




M(=EU
B.\9QUO1_MC1N@

M?



M(D8QHX11RBACE#
J&)6



MA.S5:$:A099CQAFQX11RHX9HYP=T8E.U:

MA







MPPA_:)`]$#&*U?'XEB%/-]'#T$U9)&.4JZ-U+?1_PZ]0*\B7K%4QJM7QA'RC

%;V1(Q1:)`]$6

MPVC+:

Z



MHQVC'I&`Z
]HP.C9T:2^U
&6)?ZX&F!+00\


-HS.C!Z9B2)/H7;BJTD

9MEL(N\QFV
X-O)OHWNKK
M2SM&\ER@O^X-I#?I*X.L&ZDUHY!1Q%HQ6R6
4D89:^5L53`J&56L5;-5PZAE
MU+'6AJVVC':









MG


8J#ID4-/-M&CD$V!5#9CE`--LMY%I-CDV!
<,LJ3GO+'8G#C+
MTG,2Z1*=7$?L'KKE-6ZN+FRA/DR;KO86JD'VTZT&V4^W,@J!]0B1C&0]CMA

M

L@ZOQA6.K]-&*5`JI6Q
LLUJ=TTX:UPY3JW,J6JTB%[_;JEO'XX[V4AU/
M.]W.!6MSIW7A*P)^_J!4`BDYQ<QBH'T5!)&*9!J98QR(-4J&)5`JE4QJH%4

MKKW[2V_473T8J^GKG=Y2VUJ/XH
*#;(NQ!&C6!V/[^1W5X
2/0K9E#4R1KDZ
$4<J.&:.<'0M&)3M6C&IV;!BU[-@QVK#CEM&.'7M&`SON
M&1W8\9E1$+!G\+3`$'`KE`$B;C.$W$J,`#&W&8)N^R+J-D/8;5_$W68(_.3K
M%LX^[MPH7F<=H7MXU!XUV6=:'Q=A96QFK\KL9LQ4]/P&J:='M[*2&.ZKNH
M(T8QT,F6$E@M3N]3'-66,D8YT,F6EA-+7F?2XFCVE+%J`8ZV5(#*W-.7E
M
M#FM3':
-T


MSLY+CV!.YZ.R.QJ

]9_YQVB26`MKG;PHQNY)V-VY=CY
MFV.6D=;)I#\Z@H4+=M$BQ=8LL#2!98ML'R!%0NL7&#5`JL76+/`V@76+;#-
M`MLNL-TZQ?8L
#V^RPP)X7F)0/!U/J9P&NEN!Z2XE@]30@N92.@1+^1`L


M9W1@]

8H9)8Q21AFCG%'!
MJ&14
:H9-8Q:1AVC#:.M0=;7ZW=`\HH=G?K0M^M[RPP?];#`]@OLL

MO5JA]P.C/:




LN7&`1F.4;
M@UF^R0)+P2S?#

MF%Y

CJ6ADY1^]OEQ[%2C9

N]4OB4K^.N`P5

M]ACG_P*+E/
Y34DY4U-2SDY3/%9(.9\C+N5
XF
Y.^H\6(SU_(*\5\_C?HE5

MB4GVDZ^D.ME)JA.35=?R6[#=)5?4IE\)97)5[*7?55R5=2E7PE.\E74I%\




CAY
MW`[^G=T3J2U=26W12.T?&8YLEZYDNVAD^X\
1P%(5PI`-`K@1X:C)J0K-2$:

M:-VT@8))VEUW@X#J:-KU+@](7^I!^I+\TI?DE[ZDN_0EMZ4ON2U]261I1R*+

(:EHB&(Z)AB&CX(1HE(AHE(AHE(AHE(AHE(AHE(AHE(AHE(AHE



\[10+6QT29&FQIM9K2YT19&6_:U:COC

M[3!(--)^F*)M,,2T;`D:7?\TY[U/=3O6&%)V;6R)X]%99T%9&N2=$U'^#(

MV:QC-S9NMNO=K9:\=8Z;'RRA

M]V+*_U4G*_C=M._JDE04C53LC7M;Q0UOI0]&BH:1O7$^59

M]


.'WD`V
Z07KHB&*[V1?B`SRC$JQ^*$SSJ6S@3[CB6MO\](6G^?


GK]WPM^VZSXHA&T?#(^)/S0\QN9VW?`X

U@


M:+23T=Z
]FZTL]&^&(WKDFHJMY*
Z%*!ZY*FI4L&KDN:EBX=NYI6KJ$X+JD
M:5FE1%5+,1TH:JF].G&=Y@G]_54[=^CJX^&F*B-L:9OE`S6NB(8IHN&):%@B
M&HZ(AB&BX8=HV$:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:%2(:
M%2(:%2(:%2(:%2):5(B*5(B*+A6B0K2E2X:H$&WITB$J1%NZA(@*T9952E05
M$A-)6R%IAMFOD&;6V5T;P0/1L$`T'!`-`T1C^T5C\T5CZT5CXT5CVT6C'$2C


MRC_?7BKQEB40;]&(=]*^OU12H.EJG24;RI&K;(B+0S8;FJM&732&@YND]:XY
M9ZT\%\Q:=RV9Z*:^Q5Z9Z(I&=)ME=.

MKC$BTVC=\9+(B$9DVKY1OG=Z9&MY'ILHR3A$232BU/;]SNH3N+997@2!D^$(

M-

MBWM][9[X[G-U;9\SB*999R]5(AIA$(TJ21J/@^24(0S2CC(1AA$(PPR'F&0
M=H1!-,(@&F&0\0B#M

ISEN[T2+AQTB
M#OVCS:U
6)MF'QUMNF8Y6D2FF5GW(B
:D4D:BS#[:X+4XCPT09)A))H!*GM
M^YVB)VYML[P(XB;#$3?1B%O;UZP](6QQ'IH0EL-4(8SY9Q'#R__\'R*EE/2



MQJBC&Q#1'D:-)%\4T8^U'
6G]`U%NUQTY

]2KB


M$







R:_YUJO$O3[%XU-AI'RZX:L];M'


AYAD_$(E?0E5*(1
M*AF/N
AXQ*+L6\4BIK_?BT7]V'R\]%R?:F2MG./VM&J9


44
X:BF+J]1II*](]526
ZU=71PZU62-LL5P.NB(8I




I!-


FE]






MFD[P^QXE[5-O!_6YVD&1JZG9Y=
8?_K#;Y=G#



]F:T
M=Z.=C?;%:-RW4F.XLVM$:DTLY


M:/@A&G:(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(1H6(

9W

M'V48?!0-']N^



T?H-)QKY@AEVJF&




M)1IV25\\$@V/RKZ51W&N;3U*)^']M&M.UMN]735!)NV:%FF75.TW2+L6YP!B


@YVBH:=;=_+V'+MIN-Y;*PMQZFLC3/JPMH/I\B?

5ZDNUPG5/AP@9?#0`7CMBRC




?=O]XV9$IB^/#


M/+L.SQS#KNOPS#'LN@[/'
.SZ_#




M.89=5^&98URN_L0VV.WC0O4GML&RN

;+*-+

M#Y9A21P?+


ML#GV$Y;A=1Q7+
/F.*Y8QC


MR[`YZL@RXA`Y81G/'MU21Y;Q#%+DBV4\BQ3Y8AG/)$6^6
:S2;?4D66L?GCM


8;AEAC9JVC+!&35M&6*.F+6.S
MHZ8MBS?SZ


.N.
99QMO:G_#
^LF[QG'.8%F\




CRS#
MSY@?68:5

9?L9QVC*LC..T9?%;



M_&1TQ

=(AS-\L6@T'
2=)W0*O88E?



M%

Q










;%+FD)\
MOD2Z^(R(A%C8T980GRF1*
[8(MK3L#I:<H*<+'F#O%MRAIPM^0+Y8@DUP-H-+5N#UI9L(!M+MI`72W:0
MG25[R-Z2`^35DJ?%)\Z4EGRE2/.



\OVH+TE!\BK)4?(T9(3
MY&3)&^3=DC/D;
D2XK
EDN79]EE#UI9L(!M+MI`72W:0G25#B(]@!-#'*$(T
ML:--(3YV$3I?35%

JR
M+Z`OEE`A]'KR;!ALZ-DHV

MEIPA9TLVD(TE6\C6DA?(BR4[R


M\+F%;UY@;Q8LH/L+!FR!D.[!B/(V)()9&+)%#*U9`:96[*`+R9L]9SN]8+
MR



K=D`5E8LH0L+5E!5I8\0YXM64/6E@PA0TM&D)$E8\C8D@ED
M8LD4

MD'4;?F/=N'5IR80^$TNFD*DE



F2-\B[)6?(V9(E9&G)O)L
MR1JRMF0#V5BRA;Q8LH/L+!EAI:

;9D#5E;LH%L+-E7BS907:6#%#
M2T:0L243R,22*61JR0PRMV0!65BRO_[TN+<O;Q\@KY8<(4=+3I3)6^0=TO.
MD+
E2\C2DA7DV9(U9&W)!K*Q9`MYL60'V5DRA`PM&4'&EDP@$TNFD*DE




F2-\B[)6?(V9(E9&G)O)LR1JRMF0#V5BRA;Q8
MLH/L+!EAI:
=72
M$;ZSSYN6COI?=Y(=60!X;<ZS'W`/5\#V=N/@1P@KY8<(4=+3I3)6^0=TO.
MD+,E?*69F+I'C/A0,S%UA\T$U-'-I-)5O(BR4[R,X2OI1,3-UR^@P
76$

M2\Z0LR5\$9(HN.M(?!22U[H=X4N1Q




M`?/J9W['Y:=?__GW?[3_\?LO_\
O8_[AI__SR^^___)?E__[CZ]_^;]??XW6

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````





8IDM<577-W5YV:)M^/.N'\T_N_/H2P:

M2
$A!6


A_2U7CCQX`#VE6#*_U
A8M=UYOZ3J[


MK)&E^$#+Y/5N9B=IQ2T%ZHCTEI@L
`B=]
A[*C98DMS1==SA'&8GN:
Q#!2I


M&1*]?+V_^ST_X;U:^OS;^



!HC%$ME\G9-*I?/



9[


MR
?J&/6



M4/*E2MZBPGFY+]5NLUJOKI



M;T6H9%0QJADUC%I&':

M?


0LIN)OTQ'Y4
X'F_T?RNJ!HFT%0DM?=C4]1:[I..K?F'
QX[/7(


HNV=Y

M@OP[5S`J&56

#HP&B

MQ^H8]0XEB?ITIX+#@XEB?=_

5AT*%'0H59J^*




M53&J)1(^JG.?2HN(C11TBXC;Q2IYM5OQ\%?K&/6




M8E0+LDM1J\O%+NDD&^\A

B


4SX
M*\,G9#0DN$51YV@1U)7*E:Y@N(W8H4@W*MB(EX_5@H[1U?0HYZ]]HP&1@=&

M3Q8KAX+15
T%&T8M%^P8]8SVC`9&!T9CA&(!7QGLF(%7\M%QZ!I?X[F5[;;)





MPAR3O2I&M2_HOU
[RMN]URP-Q^H8]0Z9Q


'86Y&-U'*N/





65
M-EE74.FY;[#96%0YB^(\@&:1=L[+Y0&7^.4+0LYGR@1L,45$LD/
.Y+U(2

_G%Z1F[*4]%`Z%J8(@
M/[59


MFT+9\G&[R3ZBDFS!Q%!FYD;8@J:3&?G8@A:4&179@H:4&3'9@L.9/T[):%*;


E@86TYC9@L]Z9KY^;
'7/3
?0;;DNZLL1R?(



MQ631?!T

R64PC
[
4)(M#2QF1
D6#)E1
M'\VD3/JHUERU#17:XJY1=1'TZ$I50MF%9$?;0RF%W
&IM7)=TD)MU@T=X2
MS$7!
NVT2
\`BWU9

=
MLP^2ZX

M&F@6[.:&!IH%F[JA@6;!;WA01M

MELH:M:;XE0\L6DWQZQ0\.2T_P*\G8-&N@Q]7X9EJ%IR.D)G#`K@^^1I?)KN0

MX%R

R
G
P!%MP/$9FSH=@T[)R,PQ$6S!81F9.2V

MGH_6XG$0&A35GBE..D-]-`M.)$




Z?2

OP#

.5YI;?R0FQ=:*U:MU8S5.:E
MU0PUWEFM=C5R*UV-?HYK7;X!RT@K':%UGP#-$-G/@&3X6+.(_'/
7Z__7(\


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
-8HM@QI;HI+,A7[ZKF0@=K+:7'C6/O;_[M:R<F7I[+HK(6Q
M4JOS[O%1O]L1*M695(OS[MU\\N%SMV
=5QDOM!+GW8VPW2^#7W])ID:OA'%2

MQ)

MY5

MF_2`H'X9'INTS6=Y.C@^_CV0P&.;U+.H58&%MI)SZ0IA;_(I-P[1&5@VM0YZ









MV.;A


M$
8N@3*MSP_7_&TI0]C_U_Z8LMO[WX;\G/FQL:_.?%0*LBW

=$;ASUD4CFX_&#3RJ3+&H1:TY32V%*)L15N
OWU1'T90`ZX

M7
2(W;U]^V42[MXRN

#_P$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/%YRIHQ`0``
M0`(``!$``%D;V-0<F]P<R]C;W)E+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````)R104_#(!B&[R;^AX9[2UFC+J1EB9J=7&+B


MM54P(_4```!
`@``P`````````````````;!0``7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$

M7W)E;'
&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`)/PHY7D!0``/!<``!@`````````````````@A4``'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(03#IHNA@(``-H%


M=#@R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`;61IT*P@``(0G```9````````````










``.@-```9````````````````
M`

O



M*@

M%``&``@````A`.







M970Y


M````````````````H:



M`BT`%``&``@````A`/0FPJZX$0``
V8``!H`````````````````.+(``'AL



M&0``O\0``!H`````````````````*


M
3








M!@``IQL``!
`````````````````Q?$``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`H.-5#$@(```Y)@``&`````````````````*^```




M%``&``@````A`
9)A
S]!0``0B```!H`````````````````D_L!`'AL+W=O



(S!```



M`.\11RRD!P``NR@``!H`````````````````



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%O2;#!```6!0``!D`````````````````Q2


M=#$P


BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`
M````$`?1DTB;H-``F8@``&@````````````````#



RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Z6O/P,L``#R!@``

-ST3V\&``!Z)```&@````````````````#!0P(`
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$P-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`C\:=C&`)```O/P``&@``````````



QN=$U=#@``/(4``!D`

C0N



M:&5E=#(R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#QU`7:GS@``


M&0````````````````!@?@



M```LL0

Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````














_P``#4```
-`@``&P8``!D`````````````````YCD%`'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q,YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`FZOWLGT



O





RYX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`VQ;KGN(%``!C&@``&0````````````````[A04`

M








&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$09


M970U-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`U``9AC4#``#C0``&0``````````

M````(0#G@:#Y'0

M+0`4``8`````$`(


M:&5E=#
S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0![).\_S28``#_$```9````````

M:&5E='









``!@2

3=

M=#0U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0&)&WOJ#4``X7`0`9````````````


M='



`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

145

071


Accounts receivable
 net

497

378


        

817

809


        
        
        


        

604

403


Net Property
 Plant and Equipment

053

022


        

902

891


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

177

896


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

359

372


        

138
        


        

010

830


        

895

917


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

292

278


        

999

327


        
        
        


Treasury stock
 at cost - 48 million shares in 2013
 and 33 million shares in 2012

021)
        


        

201

012


        
        
        


        

233

042


        

177

896



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In June 2011
 the FASB issued guidance regarding the presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#160;15
In February 2013
In July 2013
 the FASB issued guidance to eliminate the diversity in practice in the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. Under this guidance
 an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 except in certain circumstances. We adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. The adoption did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes:




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      














 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Property
 plant and equipment
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Property
 plant and equipment
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Suspended taxes from conversion to accrual method
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Suspended taxes from conversion to accrual method
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Intangible assets
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible assets
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Inventory
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Accrued expenses
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Accrued expenses
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Net operating loss and other carryforwards
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net operating loss and other carryforwards
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Insurance reserves
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Insurance reserves
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Other
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Other
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation allowance
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Intangible assets
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Suspended taxes from conversion to accrual method
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Inventory
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Operating Loss Carryforwards
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Suspended taxes from conversion to accrual method
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Self Insurance
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Accrued expenses
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items. Includes the following (before income tax): income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During fiscal 2013
 currency translation adjustment gain recognized in conjunction with the receipt of proceeds constituting the final resolution of our investment in Canada
 which was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2012
 in net foreign currency exchange gains
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2011
 gain related to a sale of interests in an equity method investment. This gain was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
 net.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
 -Paragraph 3
 6
 7
 9
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions and Methodology [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
September&#160;28
 2013
 were:


        
September&#160;28
 2013
1
1
715




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2013

          



        
        


Maximum length of time hedged forecasted transactions
 months
        


Maximum length of time hedged undesignated positions
 months
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
1
1
2
2
1
1
917




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Related Party Transaction
 Due from (to) Related Party [Abstract]
        


        
 wastewater facilities with an entity owned by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (for which Mr. John Tyson
 Chairman of the Company
 is a trustee)
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 of which is owned by Tyson Limited Partnership (&#8220;TLP&#8221;))
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson. Total payments of approximately 
 
 we had an aircraft lease agreement with Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC
 of which Mr. Don Tyson (then our Senior Chairman)
 Mr. John Tyson and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust were members. Upon Mr. Don Tyson&#8217;s death on January 6
 2011
 his membership interest passed to a trust in which Mr. John Tyson is a trustee. During fiscal 2012
 Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC sold the aircraft to a non-related party and we entered into an aircraft lease agreement with the new owner. Total payments to Tyson Family Aviation
 LLC of approximately 
As part of the Company's previously approved stock repurchase plan
 on September 11
 2013
 per share.&#160;The Tyson Limited Partnership
 of which John Tyson and director Barbara Tyson are general partners
 shares
 shares of Class A common stock
 giving it control of approximately 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Interest
Income taxes
 net of refunds




        
          

        
          
            

 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets sold during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales and settlement of plan obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment
Fiscal year ended September 28
12
14
5
3
(1
34
1
1
5
2
1
1
12
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended September 29
11
13
5
3
33
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended October 1
10
13
5
3
(1
32
1
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
 plant and equipment




        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Loss from discontinued operation
 net of tax




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group
 and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Earnings Per Share
 Basic And Diluted
in&#160;millions
Class B weighted average shares
 and shares under if-converted method for diluted earnings per share




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
in&#160;millions
8
8
8
8
8
8
8
8
315




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
TYSON FOODS
September&#160;28
 2013




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2010



          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2010





          



 2005



          



 2005





          



 2005





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

011

784
758
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

609
723
        

692
145
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

733
943
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

258
492
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unpaid overtime wages
 damages and pentalties awarded
        
        
        
        
        

960
787
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation Settlement
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Area of land encompassed
 acres
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


Loss contingency
 damages sought
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Area of Land Encompassed
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Defendants to Lawsuit
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Plaintiffs
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Damages And Pentalties Awarded
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share data in Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2013






 2013






 2008






 2013


 2013 [Member]

          



 2008


 2013 [Member]

          



 2013


 2013 [Member]

          



 2011


 2013 [Member]

          



 2010


 2013 [Member]

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000


Debt instrument
 face amount
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 interest rate
 effective percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Strike Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exercise price of warrants
 per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion price factoring convertible note hedge and warrant transactions
 per share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Convertible Securities
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Additional Stock Issuance If Increase In Share Price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Conversion Price
 Factoring Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Purchase Price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 additional borrowings
 forgiveness and repayments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if applicable. If a contract does not have a fixed or determinable maximum number of shares that may be required to be issued
 disclose the fact that a potentially infinite number of shares could be issued to settle the contract.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)(2)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the case of a call option
 or sell
 in the case of a put option
 on the underlying security.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

482


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

715




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        


Undistributed earnings (losses)
 ratio used to calculate allocation to class of stock
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        


Undistributed earnings (losses)
 ratio used to calculate allocation to class of stock
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock
 Maximum
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Ratio Used to Calculate Allocation to Class of Stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

408

432
        


        
        
        
        


        

895

917
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of other forms of debt not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Outstanding
 September 29
19
067
(8
778
(177
3
799
Outstanding
 September 28
13
912
Exercisable
 September 28
6
423
287


        
        


        
Nonvested
 September 29
2
371
185
21
(1
368
(70
Nonvested
 September 28
1
138
699


        
Nonvested
 September 29
174
924
(32
(64
Nonvested
 September 28
1
001
310




        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Foreign
        
        
        


Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized tax benefits
 income tax penalties and interest accrued
        
        
        


Unrecognized tax benefits
 changes that could result from tax audit resolutions
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Foreign Valuation Allowance
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Pensions And Other Postretirement Benefits (Plans With Accumulated Benefit Obligations In Excess Of Plan Assets) (Details) (Defined Pension Benefits [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Recognized actuarial loss
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Recognized actuarial loss
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Recognized actuarial loss
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

894

731

383

366

315

261

221

258

374

055

032


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

016

865

837


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

358

190

195


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

375

286

289


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

257
        

078


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

243

832

636


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

464

088

461


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

175


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

120

152

466


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

932

061

574


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

188

091
        


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

420)

281)

227)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

420)

280)

227)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 segments: Chicken
 Beef
 Chicken operations include breeding and raising chickens
 as well as processing live chickens into fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 Beef operations include processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
 as well as logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 Pork operations include processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. This segment also includes our live swine group
 related allied product processing activities and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 Prepared Foods operations include manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. Products include pepperoni
 bacon
 beef and pork pizza toppings
 pizza crusts
 flour and corn tortilla products
 appetizers
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
Fiscal year ended September 28
12
14
5
3
(1
34
1
1
5
2
1
1
12
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended September 29
11
13
5
3
33
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
Fiscal year ended October 1
10
13
5
3
(1
32
1
1
5
2
1
11
Additions to property
We allocate expenses related to corporate activities to the segments
 while the related assets and additions to property
 plant and equipment remain in Other.
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Beef segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
 
 
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in the Chicken
 Beef
 Pork and Prepared Foods segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
 have a material impact on our operations.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 of long-lived assets were located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 Mexico and India
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
We sell certain products in foreign markets
 primarily Brazil
 Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 Taiwan
 and Vietnam. Our export sales from the United States totaled 
 
 
 respectively. Substantially all of our export sales are facilitated through unaffiliated brokers
 marketing associations and foreign sales staffs. Sales of products produced in a country other than the United States were less than 
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


          


          


          






          


          


          


          


          



Balance at beginning of year
 Treasury Stock value at Oct. 02
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at beginning of year
 value at Oct. 02
 2010
        

243

113
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at beginning of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Oct. 02
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at beginning of year
 shares at Oct. 02
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 value at Oct. 01
 2011

685

261

801
        
        

657
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock value at Oct. 01
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 shares at Oct. 01
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Oct. 01
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 value at Sep. 29
 2012

042

278

327
        
        

012
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock value at Sep. 29
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 shares at Sep. 29
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Sep. 29
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock-based compensation
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 value at Sep. 28
 2013

233

292

999
        
        

201
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock value at Sep. 28
 2013

021
        
        
        

021)
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 shares at Sep. 28
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Sep. 28
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013


 certain members of the Tyson family
 the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust [Member]

          



 2012


 certain members of the Tyson family
 the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust [Member]

          



 2011


 certain members of the Tyson family
 the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust [Member]

          



 2012


 certain members of the Tyson family
 the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust [Member]

          



 2011


 certain members of the Tyson family
 the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust and the Randal W. Tyson Testamentary Trust [Member]

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Operating Lease
 Number of Leases
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchase of Tyson Class A common stock
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares
 Outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Tyson family total voting power
 percentage of outstanding voting stock
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Number of Leases
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

314

187

046


        
        
        
        


Additions to property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

116
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

071
        
        


        

145

071
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer. Includes proceeds from (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During fiscal 2013
 value-added food businesses as part of our strategic expansion initiative
 which are included in our Prepared Foods segment. The aggregate purchase price of the acquisitions was 
 for Property
 Plant and Equipment
In fiscal 2011
 equity interest in our Shandong Tyson Xinchang Foods' subsidiaries
 pursuant to the minority partner's exercise of put options.




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Derivative Financial Instruments (Aggregate Outstanding Notionals Related To Cash Flow Hedges) (Details) (Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
 Cash Flow Hedging [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified



 2013

          



 2012

          




          

        
        


        
        
        


Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount

000
000

000
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount

800

700



          

        
        


        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 founded in 1935 with world headquarters in Springdale
 Arkansas
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 entities for which we have a controlling financial interest or variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
 Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
 We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
 Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 contract grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
First-in
Livestock &#8211; first-in
1
2
2
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
 Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
The first step of the quantitative test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the quantitative impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
 if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 then goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow analysis
 which uses significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. This analysis requires us to make various judgmental estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount factors and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Generally
 we utilize normalized operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries. Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 we may be required to perform the second step of the quantitative test in future years
During fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 all of our material reporting units that underwent the quantitative test passed the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis and therefore
For our other indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
We have an investment in a joint venture
 Dynamic Fuels LLC (Dynamic Fuels)
September&#160;28
 2013
 of total assets
 was net property
 plant and equipment
 of total liabilities
September&#160;29
 2012
 of total assets
 was net property
 plant and equipment
 of total liabilities
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
 classes of capital stock
 Class&#160;A Common Stock
 par value (Class A stock) and Class B Common Stock
 votes per share
September&#160;28
 2013
 of the outstanding shares of Class B stock and the TLP and members of the Tyson family owned
 in the aggregate
 of the outstanding shares of Class&#160;A stock
 giving them
 collectively
 of the cash dividend simultaneously paid to holders of Class&#160;A stock. We pay quarterly cash dividends to Class&#160;A and Class B shareholders. On November 14
 2013
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 1
 2013
 per share on our Class B common stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 13
 2013
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 29
 per share for Class B stock paid on December 14
 2012
 to shareholders of record on November 30
The Class B stock is considered a participating security requiring the use of the two-class method for the computation of basic earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each period reflects the cash dividends paid for each class of stock
 plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings (losses) computed using the participation percentage
On May&#160;11
 2011
 we announced our Board of Directors reactivated a share repurchase program
 which had no activity since fiscal 2005
 shares of Class&#160;A common stock under the program. In May 2012
September&#160;28
 2013
 shares remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program has no fixed or scheduled termination date and the timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 market conditions
 liquidity targets
 our debt obligations and regulatory requirements. In addition to the share repurchase program
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
October&#160;1
 We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
 We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
 Advertising and promotion expenses are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other advertising and promotional activities are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
In December 2011 and February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance enhancing disclosures related to offsetting of certain assets and liabilities. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January&#160;1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect the adoption will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Derivative Instruments In Statement Of Financial Position
 Fair Value
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
 2012



          

        


        
        


        
in millions
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
96
164
700


Schedule Of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) In Statement Of Financial Performance
        



          

        


        
        


        
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
 2012


Schedule Of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) In Statement Of Financial Performance
        



          

        


        
        


        
in millions
September&#160;28
September&#160;29
204
1
200


Schedule Of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) In Statement Of Financial Performance
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We lease equipment
 properties and certain farms for which total rentals approximated 
 
 in fiscal 
 
 years
September&#160;28
 2013
We guarantee obligations of certain outside third parties
 which consists of a lease and grower loans
 years
September&#160;28
 2013
. We also maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of the underlying leased assets at the end of the term of the lease. The remaining terms of the lease maturities cover periods over the next 
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
We have cash flow assistance programs in which certain livestock suppliers participate. Under these programs
 we pay an amount for livestock equivalent to a standard cost to grow such livestock during periods of low market sales prices. The amounts of such payments that are in excess of the market sales price are recorded as receivables and accrue interest. Participating suppliers are obligated to repay these receivables balances when market sales prices exceed this standard cost
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
 and are included
 net of allowance for uncollectible amounts
 in Accounts Receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Even though these programs are limited to the net tangible assets of the participating livestock suppliers
 we also manage a portion of our credit risk associated with these programs by obtaining security interests in livestock suppliers&#8217; assets. After analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Additionally
 we enter into future purchase commitments for various items
 such as grains
September&#160;28
 2013
1
1
We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We routinely assess the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to those matters
 as well as ranges of probable losses
 to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. We record accruals for such matters to the extent that we conclude a loss is probable and the financial impact
 should an adverse outcome occur
 is reasonably estimable. Such accruals are reflected in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Financial Statements. In our opinion
 we have made appropriate and adequate accruals for these matters and believe the probability of a material loss beyond the amounts accrued to be remote; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if accruals are not adequate
We have pending against us a lawsuit styled DeAsencio v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. (E.D. Pennsylvania
 August 22
 2000) in which the plaintiffs allege that we failed to compensate certain poultry plant employees for the time it takes to engage in pre- and post-shift activities such as changing into and out of protective and sanitary clothing and walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). They seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. Plaintiffs appealed a jury verdict and final judgment entered in our favor on June&#160;22
 2006. On September&#160;7
 2007
 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed the jury verdict and remanded the case to the District Court for further proceedings. We sought rehearing en banc
 which was denied by the Court of Appeals on October&#160;5
 2007. The United States Supreme Court denied our petition for a writ of certiorari on June&#160;9
 2008. On October 4
 2013
 the District Court ordered the parties to provide a status report within ten days  or the case would be dismissed without prejudice. Neither party made such a filing
 separate wage and hour actions involving Tyson Fresh Meats Inc.&#8217;s plants located in Garden City
 Kansas (Garcia
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Kansas
 May&#160;15
 2006); Storm Lake
 Iowa (Bouaphakeo (f/k/a Sharp)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 N.D. Iowa
 February&#160;6
 2007); Columbus Junction
 Iowa (Guyton (f/k/a Robinson)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 September 12
 2007); Madison
 Nebraska (Acosta
 et al. v Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Nebraska
 February 29
 2008); Dakota City
 Nebraska (Gomez
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 D. Nebraska
 January 16
 2008); Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa (Edwards
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 March 20
 2008); Logansport
 Indiana (Carter
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. and Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 N.D. Indiana
 April 29
 2008); Goodlettsville
 Tennessee (Abadeer v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 and Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 M.D. Tennessee
 February&#160;6
 2009); Emporia
 Kansas (Abdiaziz
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 D. Kansas
 September 30
 2011); and Joslin
 Illinois (Murray
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 C.D. Illinois
 January&#160;2
 2008; and DeVoss v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a. Tyson Fresh Meats
 C.D. Illinois
 March&#160;2
 2011). The actions allege we failed to pay employees for all hours worked
 including overtime compensation for the time it takes to change into protective work uniforms
 safety equipment and other sanitary and protective clothing worn by employees
 and for walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the FLSA and analogous state laws. The plaintiffs seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
After a trial in the Garcia case involving our Garden City
 Kansas facility
 a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs was entered on March&#160;17
 2011. Exclusive of pre- and post-judgment interest
 attorneys&#8217; fees and costs
$503
. Plaintiffs&#8217; counsel filed an application for attorneys&#8217; fees and expenses which we contested. On December 7
 2012
$3
609
. We filed an appeal with the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals on December 27
 2012. Oral argument is scheduled for November 18
A jury trial was held in the Bouaphakeo case
 which involves our Storm Lake
 Iowa pork plant
 which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs for violations of federal and state laws for pre- and post-shift work activities. The trial court also awarded the plaintiffs liquidated damages
$5
784
$2
692
A jury trial was held in the Guyton case
 which involves our Columbus Junction
 Iowa pork plant
 which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of Tyson on April 25
A bench trial was held in the Acosta case
 which involves our Madison
 Nebraska pork plant
$5
733
 for unpaid overtime wages. Subsequently
 the court ordered the class of plaintiffs expanded
$6
258
A jury trial in the Gomez case
 which involves our Dakota City
 Nebraska beef plant
 was held
 and the jury found in favor of the plaintiffs on April 3
 2013. On October 2
 2013
 the trial court denied the parties&#8217; post-trial motions and entered judgment awarding unpaid overtime wages
 liquidated damages
$4
960
. We filed a notice of appeal on November 12
The trial court in the Edwards case
 which involves the Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa facilities
The parties in the Carter case
 which involves our Logansport
 Indiana pork plant
$950
. The parties filed a joint motion for approval of the settlement
 but the plaintiffs subsequently filed a motion to certify a class of plaintiffs while the joint motion for approval of the settlement was pending. On October 30
The trial court in the Abadeer case
 which involves the Goodlettsville
 Tennessee plant
 granted the plaintiffs&#8217; motion for summary judgment in part
 finding that certain pre- and post-shift activities were compensable and our non-payment for those activities was willful and not in good faith. The trial for the remaining issues
 including damages
 is scheduled to begin April 15
 wage and hour action involving our Tyson Prepared Foods plant located in Jefferson
 Wisconsin (Weissman
 et al. v. Tyson Prepared Foods
 Inc.
 Jefferson County (Wisconsin) Circuit Court
 October&#160;20
 named plaintiffs seek to act as state law class representatives on behalf of all current and former employees who were allegedly not paid for time worked and seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 and attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. On May&#160;16
 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to certify a state law class of all hourly employees who have worked at the Jefferson plant from October&#160;20
 2008
 to the present. We filed motions for summary judgment seeking dismissal of the claims
 or
 in the alternative
 to limit the claims made for non-compensable clothes changing activities. The court granted summary judgment in favor of Tyson on August 31
 2012
 and the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on October 5
 2012. On August 1
 2013
 the appeals court reversed and remanded the case to the trial court
 concluding that the applicable activities at this plant are compensable
On June&#160;19
 2005
 the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Environment of the State of Oklahoma filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against us
 other poultry integrators. The complaint
 which was subsequently amended
 asserts a number of state and federal causes of action including
 but not limited to
 counts under Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act (CERCLA)
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA)
 and state-law public nuisance theories. The amended complaint asserts that defendants and certain contract growers who are not named in the amended complaint polluted the surface waters
 groundwater and associated drinking water supplies of the Illinois River Watershed (IRW) through the land application of poultry litter. Oklahoma asserts that this alleged pollution has also caused extensive injury to the environment (including soils and sediments) of the IRW and that the defendants have been unjustly enriched. Oklahoma&#8217;s claims cover the entire IRW
 acres of land and the natural resources (including lakes and waterways) contained therein. Oklahoma seeks wide-ranging relief
 including injunctive relief
 compensatory damages in excess of 
 an unspecified amount in punitive damages and attorneys&#8217; fees. We and the other defendants have denied liability
 asserted various defenses
 and filed a third-party complaint that asserts claims against other persons and entities whose activities may have contributed to the pollution alleged in the amended complaint. The district court has stayed proceedings on the third party complaint pending resolution of Oklahoma&#8217;s claims against the defendants. On October&#160;31
 2008
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss for failure to join the Cherokee Nation as a required party or
 in the alternative
 for judgment as a matter of law based on the plaintiffs&#8217; lack of standing. This motion was granted in part and denied in part on July&#160;22
 2009. In its ruling
 the district court dismissed Oklahoma&#8217;s claims for cost recovery and for natural resources damages under CERCLA and for unjust enrichment under Oklahoma common law. This ruling also narrowed the scope of Oklahoma&#8217;s remaining claims by dismissing all damage claims under its causes of action for Oklahoma common law nuisance
 federal common law nuisance
 and Oklahoma common law trespass
 leaving only its claims for injunctive relief for trial. On August&#160;18
 2009
 the Court granted partial summary judgment in favor of the defendants on Oklahoma&#8217;s claims for violations of the Oklahoma Registered Poultry Feeding Operations Act. Oklahoma later voluntarily dismissed the remainder of this claim. On September&#160;2
 2009
 the Cherokee Nation filed a motion to intervene in the lawsuit. Its motion to intervene was denied on September&#160;15
 2009
 and the Cherokee Nation filed a notice of appeal of that ruling in the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals on September&#160;17
 2009. A non-jury trial of the case began on September&#160;24
 2009. At the close of Oklahoma&#8217;s case-in-chief
 the Court granted the defendants&#8217; motions to dismiss claims based on RCRA
 nuisance per se
 and health risks related to bacteria. The defense rested its case on January&#160;13
 2010
 and closing arguments were held on February&#160;11
 2010. On September&#160;21
 2010
 the Court of Appeals affirmed the district court&#8217;s denial of the Cherokee Nation&#8217;s motion to intervene. On October&#160;6
 2010
 review seeking reconsideration of this ruling. The Court of Appeals denied this petition. The district court has not yet rendered its decision from the trial
 which ended in February 2010.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 founded in 1935 with world headquarters in Springdale
 Arkansas
 is one of the world&#8217;s largest meat protein companies and the second-largest food production company in the 


        
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 entities for which we have a controlling financial interest or variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


        
        
 


        
 Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
 respectively.


        
 We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
 but we do periodically evaluate the credit worthiness of our customers.


        
 Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 contract grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
 which are related to the purchase and production of inventories.


Property
 Plant And Equipment
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
 machinery and equipment of 


        
 Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
The first step of the quantitative test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the quantitative impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
 if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 then goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow analysis
 which uses significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. This analysis requires us to make various judgmental estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount factors and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Generally
 we utilize normalized operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries. Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 we may be required to perform the second step of the quantitative test in future years
During fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 all of our material reporting units that underwent the quantitative test passed the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis and therefore
For our other indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The fair value of trademarks is determined using a royalty rate method based on expected revenues by trademark.


        
We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 recorded in other comprehensive income. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is recorded in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of debt securities and declines in value judged to be other than temporary are recorded on a net basis in other income. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded in interest income.


        
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other actuarial assumptions.


        
 We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
 while changes surrounding inventories on hand or anticipated purchases of inventories or supplies are recorded in cost of sales. We generally do not hedge anticipated transactions beyond 


        
 We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product terms.


        
 There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
 are adjusted periodically as assessment efforts progress or additional information becomes available. We expense amounts for administering or litigating claims as incurred. Accruals for legal proceedings are included in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


        
        


        
 Advertising and promotion expenses are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other advertising and promotional activities are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expenses. Advertising and promotion expenses for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively.


        
        
 
 
 respectively.


        
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
In December 2011 and February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance enhancing disclosures related to offsetting of certain assets and liabilities. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January&#160;1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We do not expect the adoption will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
 -Paragraph 2
 12
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or to obtain assets
 including monetary damages
 or to obtain rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Earnings Per Share (Schedule Of Earnings Per Share
 Basic And Diluted) (Details) (USD $)
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in value of the total of available-for-sale securities at the end of an accounting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Other Liabilities
 Current [Abstract]
        


        
September&#160;28
 2013
September&#160;29
 2012
Accrued salaries
1
138




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Other Income And Charges (Details) (Other Income/Expense [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      



















          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Foreign currency exchange gains
 net
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired
        
        
        


        

902

891

892



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired
        
        
        


Purchase price of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
M



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W,U\X
M9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7U-T871E;65N='-?3V9?26YC/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?3V9?4VAA/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q

O4VAE
M970Q









&-E;%=O






M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




M+U-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


O4VAE970R








&-E;%=O<FMS






T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T








R+FAT;6PB



O4VAE970S




T+FAT



M1V]O9'=I;&Q?06YD7T]T:&5R7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5?



M86UE/D1E8G1?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U




O4VAE970S.2YH


M97










#I.













O4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@







M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0G5S:6YE

&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970U-BYH





O4VAE970U



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
O4VAE970V


M965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M+U-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@








M=')U;65N
#I.86UE


M($A2968]

O




T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970X
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970X




M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970X
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\






M;F1?3W1H97)?4&]S=')E=&ER96TR/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





O4VAE970Y




M


O4VAE970Y










O4VAE970Y.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@







T0B





M968]




M:%]&;&]W7TEN9F]R;6$R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N
M='-?36EN:6UU;5]
96%S95]#;VUM/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




\+W@Z
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

M7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]$871A7U5N875D



T0B


M;F1E;G-E9%]#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG7T9I;F%N8S(\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

M;F=?1FEN86YC










CPO


M968]



M;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-
M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W,U\X
M9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O
M4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]



M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^0VQA



C`Q



S`L(#(P
3




]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]





]


]
M







M.P-@D)
C`Q


]



]



]
T1R



]



]





]

PP,3,L,#4U/'-P86X^/]S


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M


]
T1T97AT/B=997





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPY

M+#(Q


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V
M7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y3



M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97



R+#`S



]




T1T

@4')O9FET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]



]

2PS-S4\


]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


C



]

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L








T1T;W`^26YC






@9G)O;2!$:7-C;VYT




]















]


]



T1T;W`^






T1T;W`^1&EL=71E

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
BXS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
M




]






M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXQ

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]











T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@*%53


]




]



]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



M










]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%S:6,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



]




]






]

]




]


]
M









T1T;W`^1&EV:61E


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@;V8@

M36EL;&EO;G


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO


]


]



M9VX]



]




]



T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='


]





]


]

]
T1N








]
T1R;SX-

;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@3F]N













]




M='






T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




M1&YU;7`^
BPX


]
M

\+W1D/@T*

]














M1&YU;7`^
3






]
T1N=6UP/C0U








]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L





]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L

M1&YU;7`^
BPX






M97

]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4V


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$YO=&4@
M



]
M

]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S(W


]


]

@:6X@
C`Q
RP@86YD
M(#


]




M+#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C


M
S




3(L


M




]
T1P

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]






@0B!;

]









M7S%D
34R
V8S7V(R






]

T1)




]






T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
T1N




]
T1R








T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T

]
T1N=6UP




]
T1R93X-








]
M




@3V8@4&%R(%9A;'5E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




]





]
T1P


BP@
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@

]






]

#(L(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C
L






]




M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D








]



]
T1N=6UP/C
R





]
T1T97AT





T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM




]






]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]



]


]
M




]



]




]






@02!C




]


]
T1T97AT








]




]




]


]



@8GD@*&1I





]



]



]


]



M=!/8W0N(#`Q+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]






]
T1N=6T^*#



]





]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
R



M:R!S:&%R97
@870@3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q


]



]



]




]



]



]






]





]
T1N=6UP/C4X




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;G5M/B@Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\




]
T1R;SX-




]




]


]
T1T97AT


30N


]
M


]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]
M
T1N=6T^*#



T1T;W`^



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

]
T1T




]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]






T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M

M;7`^




]
T1R

CDL(#(P

]
T1T97AT




]



M86QA;F-E(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R+!S:&%R97
@870@4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


S

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]








]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C$V





]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1F



]




]









]



]





]
T1T



]




]










]



]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*






]






]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]


]




]

C@L(#(P
3


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



C`Q
SPO=&0^




]

]
T1T97AT



]

]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]


]




]


5T\+W1D

C`Q
M









I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G


#$L(#(P



]
T1R;SX-


I($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!2961E96UA8FQE($YO;F-O;G1R
M;VQL:6YG($EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M(%-T871E;65N='


T0S/C$R($UO;G1H



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q



]




]






]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S
M

]

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^-S






]

M1&YU;7`^


]




]




]








T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2!D




M/B@Q











]
T1N=6UP




M

M;3XH

]

2PS




]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1N=6T^*#8T
M


\+W1D/@T*








]
T1N






]




]
M



]

]


]


M;B!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y.3
I


]







]





]

]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP




\

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-S$I/'-P86X^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]


C-F
U]B
C(V
M7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T

M


2!R;W=S


3(@36]N=&AS


]




M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3L@)B
X
M

@;VYE(&]F('1H92!W



@86YD(&%P



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@8V]U;G1R:65S(&%R;W5N

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N





@86YD


3!P=#L^(%=E('5T

BT@;W(@-3


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^


M


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M='







M8VMB;W@@86-C;W5N='




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P

M

#`P

C0V




M
#`P

M

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







@86YT:6-I

@86YD

M='

M=7
F4Z

#`P
M

#LR.P@
M,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[







M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN

L(&QI

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&%R92!V86QU960@870@




M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


@=&AE(&UA:F]R(&-O;7!O
M;F5N='

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3





E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F

'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

7!X

R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^









T1F









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


3PO








M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`P,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P

M




M








@



#`P

M;VYE.SXQ

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3!P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^


T1F;VYT+69A



3!P=#L^('1O(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M





@86YD(&UA:6YT
'1E;F0@=&AE('5S

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ



M:6QI='D@:7

M=W
@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES=&]R:6-A;!R97-U;'1S(&%N9!C=7)R96YT('!R


M:7!A;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@;V8@9G5T=7)E(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S


M


















M9'







L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!A;GD@=6YR




@8F5L











M86P@:6UP86ER;65N='
@;V8@;W5R(&=O;V1W:6QL+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X


C`Q
RP@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ








M97




N









M9V%I;G

M97

M:71I97

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M






38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[
M=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0Q-C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N





M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0Q
3


M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P






M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


L(&]F('=H:6-H

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N




M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M

#`P

3`P





3(P)3MP861D:6YG



M

'!T.SX@5V4@=7-E



F(S@R





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#87!I=&%L(%-T;V-K.CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT

3!P=#L^(&-L87-S97
@




M
#`P


Q




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








#`P
#`P


Q-C`[02!S=&]C:RP@






F(S$V




F(S$V

30L(#(P
3
L('1H


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#`N,#<U,#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



'!T
M.SXD

#$S+B!792!P86ED($-L87-S)B
Q-C`[02!D:79I
M9&5N9'


3!P

M
3!P=#L^)#`N



'!T.SX@:6X@9FES8V%L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE
M.SXD,XQ


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





@0B!D:79I9&5N9'


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#`N


3!P=#L^(&EN(&5A8V@@;V8@9FES8V%L('EE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


M
#`P


3!P=#L^

3(P)3MP







@;V8@










@


F(S$V
#M!('-H


3(P)3MP861D:6YG



38P.S$Q





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

C`Q




#`P



M92!S:&%R97
@;VX@=&AE(&]P96X@;6%R:V5T('1O(&9U;F0@8V5R=&%I;B!O





M

'!T.SY!('-U;6UA








3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





38P.SPO

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P

M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SYI;B8C,38P.VUI;&QI;VYS/]F


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

F4Z,3!P=#L^3V-T;V)E<B8C,38P.S$L(#(P,3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



M:'0Z






M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^1&]L;&%R<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3
M:&%R97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M





M93HQ


B!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^











3!P=#L^
C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M
3!P=#L^




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

M




P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M=7)C:&%S97

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M
#`P



F4Z
M



'!T.SXV

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

!S



#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

G!X


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I

@86YD(&QI=F5S


@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
L('1O(')E9'5C92!O=7(@









@;W(@9FER;2!C;VUM:71M96YT


I('5N=&EL('1H92!H961G960@:71E


X
C$W.W
@8VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@:7


@





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



L('1R861E(&%L;&]W86YC97
@86YD('!R;V1U
M8W0@=&5R;7



L(&]U


L('=H


M9&1I=&EO;F%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&)E8V]M97
@879A:6QA8FQE+B!792!E


M9R!C;&%I;7
@87



3(P)3MP861D:6YG




M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%D


@87)E(&-H87)G





M86YD('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L(&%C=&EV:71I97
@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S('-E





#`P

M.SXR




M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q

#`P
M

3!P


3!P

#`P





3)P











T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X








@=&\@;6%K92!E



M871E;65N='

M='


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O














M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




M8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R:6YC:7!L97




M=6YT:6YG(%!R:6YC:7!L97


M3D=%4R!)3B!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!224Y#25!
15



C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S

M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV


M
#LQ-2P@
C`Q










M('-T871E;65N='



M97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S('=H96X@





M86P@
C`Q


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]




]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!0U%525-)5$E/3E


M1F]O9'

#8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#`P
#`P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;R!';V]D=VEL;X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R

#$Q+!W92!P86ED(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



'!T.SX@97%U:71Y(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN(&]U




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'





]










#`P






C`Q
R!A;F0@9&ED

@87
@


M871E;65N='



2!C


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P
#`[





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M/3-$





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
!S



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







G!X







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I












G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F+U=O

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

M86X]

#$S




T1T;W`^


]



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^:6XF(S$V
M





M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3

T0G=F5R







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





#`P




3!P=#L^


M;7!R;W9E;65N='


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
BPY-#4\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV


G!X






'!T.SY


M



'0M86QI









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY+#(P
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.SX\9F]N






#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R













3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

]


]



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I
M9'1H.C$P

S8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY#:&EC:V5N/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^0F5E9CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY0


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L




P
#`P


M










38P





M/3-$













T1F;VYT+69A





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


Q-SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#0X
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
#`[8F%C





T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


#`P






T1F;VYT+69A




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3@Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


M;VTZ



M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXU-C

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I











G!X.R!R




#$R($%C=&EV






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY);7!A:7)M96YT



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT




G!X.V)O







M/3-$


G!X.W!A





G!X.W!A9&1I




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

R!S='EL



M:'0Z



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
2PQ
C



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC



\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P

G!X

M/3-$



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P










M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#4X.3PO9F]N=#X\




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I



#`P


M;VTZ






#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXQ+#@Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M


F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^)B

R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M









T1F



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXQ
CPO9F]N


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P




3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M





G!X




M97!T96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3

M;CTS1#





#`P
#`P





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]




#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


3)P










M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^











M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P







M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD


P
#`P
#`[8F%C



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG
M('1A8FQE(')E9FQE8W1S(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&)Y('1Y



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P





T0Q)2!R





M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


M
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9RUT;W`Z













M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




F4Z,3!P=#L^3&5S<R!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





P
#`P




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A




#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O








M
3!P=#L^('EE87)S+B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!O9B`\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^+`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3(\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q






38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F

'!T.SX@+2`\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3@\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+V1I
M=CX\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L

M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X
M9&
T

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]
M

C`Q

]





3(P

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M





'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P




M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P




#`P








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P





#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W,U\X
M9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O
M4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]





]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F



C`Q


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

M


T0G9F]N




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC





P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


3)P










M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^
RXR-24@0V]N

3
@*#(P
3
@
M3F]T97


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#$V($YO=&5S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




@



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



4@4V5N:6]R(&YO
M=&5S(&1U92!*=6YE(#(P,C(@*#(P,C(@3F]T97,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
2PP



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




C`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L












B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^1T\@6F]N92!T87@M97AE;7!T(&)O;F1S(&1U92!/8W1O8F5R
M(#(P
S
@*#`N

C@O
C`Q
RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY4;W1A;!D96)T
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M;VTZ


M









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T









#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


SPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P.V)A




M



T1F


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M




#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#DQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A






#`P

M97!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O

M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



#`P
#`P

3(@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;VYE.SXR







3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

3(P(&UI;&QI;VX\




F4Z,3!P
M=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY2979O;'9I;F<@0W)E9&ET
M($9A8VEL:71Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M971T97)S(&]F(&-R961I=X@5&AE(&9A8VEL:71Y('=I;&P@;6%T=7)E(&%N
M9!T:&4@8V]M;6ET;65N='




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






38P



M
#`P



M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SXL('=E(&AA9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!L971T97)S(&]F(&-R961I=!I



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!N;VYE(&]F('=H:6-H('=E<F4@9')A=VX@=7!O


#`P
M

30V(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M


@86YD($1Y;F%M:6
@1G5E;'
F(S@R
M


3(P)3MP861D


M($UO;V1Y)W

I(&]F







@
M86-C;W5N='
L(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD(')E;&%T960@87-S




2!G=6%R86YT965D
M(&)Y(%1Y<V]N($9R97-H($UE871S+!);F



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P

Q-C`[
34L(#(P
3
\





@;VX@07!R:6PF(S$V

M
38P.S$U+B!4:&4@
C`Q







C`Q

@9&5T



3!P=#L^+!W:&EC:!R97-U











'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[







M93HQ







#$S($YO

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M



M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M='

@9&%T97
@9G)O;2`\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9VAT.C$R


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#`P.W1E

C(N

M



M92`R




#`P

M
C(N




M='







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P



M92!O;B!397!T96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






@86YT:2UD:6QU



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@
M
C`Q

34L(#(P
3
@870@=VAI

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




M=7




#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ

M;&4]







M



38@3F]T97

3!P




M(')A=&4@;VX@=&AE(#(P
38@3F]T97

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

C`Q

M92!O;B!T:&4@

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-BXX-24\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@



#`P




M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#$P


@;6%D92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@8GD@=&AE(&9E9&5R86P@9V]V97)N

M=')I;F$@86YD(%)I=&$@:6X@








T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P


3(P)3MF;VYT







[(&5N9V%G92!I




M871I;W

M

3!P=#L^3W5R
M(#(P
C(@3F]T97

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]





]



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY)3D-/344@5$%815



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$






#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M



'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VYS)B
Q-C`[)B

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M












#`P


3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P

M/3-$


P
#`P


3X\









G!X




M


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^




'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B



M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P




#`P







P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z.'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X




3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXT

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X

M/3-$



P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


U
3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
M




P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^5&AE(')E87-O;G
@9F]R('1H


M=&4@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z

M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





G!X.V)O


M93HQ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

2!C;VQS





M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


M
3!P=#L^
S4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+C



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M93HQ






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^1&]M97-T:6








3!P=#L^*#
N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH










3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;VTZ




2!C;VQS




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO





#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,S8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





3






#`P



M
#`P


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



@

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(U




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#D@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('=E<F4@9G)O;2!O<&5R871I;VYS


3(P





M='

@


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4:&4@=&%X(&5F9F5C='
@;V8@
M;6%J;W(@:71E;7


M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@87


#`P
#`P

#LR.P@,C`Q
M,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N





M=&@]



M



T0Q



M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L


Q-C`[;6EL;&EO
M;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$S


T0W


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X








#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P








F4Z

M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([





M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXW
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
CD\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


@

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M86X]






3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([




P
#`P




#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXV.3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

W-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
M







#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5F%L





#`P









M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M

P
#`P

M/3-$




T0S





M;W`Z


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ










#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


L($]T

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M=&AO9!O9B!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&%N9!W:6QL(&)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@8GD@
M


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F



@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E






3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X











#`P

M




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(S
!M:6QL:6]N/]F




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P

@




T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





38P.SPO9F]N

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG



3!P
M=#L^:6XF(S$V



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

7!X('-O




T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





#`P







P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


M/3-$


G!X.W!A





M;VTZ







M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T









M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V97)T





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;G


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P





3!P=#L^


M



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z





P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0F%L


#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
M









3!P=#L^(&%T(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P
M=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.SXL('=E(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AA;6EN



@



M
#
@=&AR;W5G:`R,#$R(&%N9`R

C`Q


M8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&-O=6QD(&1E8W)E87-E(&)Y(&%S(&UU
M8V@@87



#`P





60Q-3(S
M9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@





]

T0G

3)P




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]42$52

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M
#`P


M+!W:&EC:!W97)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@4W1A

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34R
V8S7V(R







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R









3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SYI;B8C,38P.VUI;&QI;VYS+8C
38P.V5X8V5P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY);F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU
M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1V

M93HQ

T1V







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`P
M

C!P






M;&4]

'!T.SY
97-S


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXH

M;&4]

7!X











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


P
#`P







G!X






M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXV

T0G=F5R



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R








G!X.R!R;W=S




R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


F(S$V
#M!





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N






!S



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






#`P










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P








M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M




T1V


M9W

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






P
#`P
#`[8F%C

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



'!T.SX\9F]N



!S;VQI



#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
M




P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






M




@96%R;FEN9W







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXW






M

'!T.SY%9F9E8W0@





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1V97)T:6-A









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


3!P=#L^
M1&5N;VUI;F%T;W(@9F]R(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W

P
#`P



7!X


T1F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXS.#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B





M




M($]P97)A=&EO;G



T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


C!P



















M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





M:6


'!T.SX\9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXR+C





M
















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ



G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L









M/3-$







M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C(V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#0\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ



M+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^


M



#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#L^
BXQ




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2XU.#PO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#L^




M;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P
3




#`P
#`P.W1E



M






3(P

3!P=#L^5V4@:&%V



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M:79I9&5N9'

@;V8@


M(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L^

@;V8@0VQA

F(S$V

M92UH96EG:'0Z

M



#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
XY/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

M=&EO;G


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R


C`N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD









3!P=#MF;VYT




M86P@:6YS=')U;65N='







@=71I




@87-S;V-I871E



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@<F5C;V=N:7IE(&%L;!D97)I=F%T:79E(&EN

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@870@


M;65N='











M8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


@)B
X
C$Q



T0G9F]N


3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M;&EV97-T;V-K*2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R











'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P




M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ




M
#`P




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3
M97!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^0V]R;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N













M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


@



#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M;VTZ



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M:&5I9VAT.C$R


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF


M:65D(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($EN8V]M93H\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

7!X('-O

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0V]N<V]L:61A=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L


F(S$V
M
#MO9B8C



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




M





P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P
M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^
C`Q
M





M


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#

X




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P


M



T1F



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^*#@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O







3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V
#M);F-O;64O17AP

P
#`P
M


M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P


P
#`P

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P





P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^*#
Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



P
#`P





P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




@:6X@8V]M;6]D:71Y('!R



M;F1E;G0Z

'!X




2!C;VQS




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





'!T.SY-971R:6
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P




F4Z
M



'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M
3!P=#L^
C

'!T.SX\9F]N






#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
C







M:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV92P@87



M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F






M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P

M


M;VTZ


P
#`P





38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;&4]

'!T.SY#;VYS

T1T97AT+6%L




T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X

#`P
M



T1F


P
#`P


3X\

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


P
M
#`P







G!X.V)O






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A

M



P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



\+V9O






M=6UE;G1S(')E;&%T960@=&\@8V]M;6]D:71I97


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




L(&QI=F5S=&]C:R!A;F0@

@:7







@8V]N=')A8W1S(&QO8VL@:6X@=&AE('!R




@870@=&AE

M('1H:7







2!F;W(@:&5D9V4@






@9V5N97)A;&QY('=O=6QD('%U





T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

S
E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P



3X\

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]



38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P










G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






'!T.SY=7-H96QS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N













M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ
3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY



M;VTZ



M/3-$











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3&5A;B!(;V=S









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





'!T.SY5;FET960F(S$V
#M3=&%T97



P
#`P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^




X)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q
M,!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1T97AT+6%L




P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;W1T;VTZ











M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ









#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

'!E;G-E/]F;VYT


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


P
#`P



#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




P
M
#`P




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P




#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



#`P




3!P=#L^
34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M









3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




38P.U9A;'5E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P







M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0V]M;6]D:71Y

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P
M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

@)B
X
C$Q.R!D97-I9VYA



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




G!X










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M93HQ

M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P









#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

@)B
X
C$Q.R!N;W0@9&5S:6=N871E





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




P
#`P





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

G!X.W!A








#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P









M:'0Z





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5R:79A=&EV92!



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#`P
#`P



2!C;VQS



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^5&]T86P@



T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.V)O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R



P
#`P
M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




3!P=#L^)B


M





M/3-$



3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97

@:&5D9VEN9R!I

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M93HQ

@)B
X
M

P
#`P

3X\

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T0R

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]







M/3-$


F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P
M




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


#`P
#MB

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!C87-H(&-O
M;&QA=&5R86P@=VAE;B!A(&QE9V%L;'D@96YF;W)C96%B;&4@;6%S=&5R(&YE


M92`Q





34R
M
V8S7V(R






]

T1)1#!%344^



]
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&ES(&1E9FEN
M960@87






3(P)3MP861D



@879A:6QA8FQE(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S(&9O

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z
3!P=#L^

M97
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@3&5V96P@






M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





3!P=#L^)B
X





@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT
M





2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT




'!T.SY);G!U='




!S='EL93TS1=F



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M










@=71I;&EZ92!M86YA9V5M
M96YT)B
X
C$W.W



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M:71I97

M('=H96X@879A:6QA8FQE+B!);B!I;G-T86YC97




M960@;VX@=&AE(&QO=V5S=!L979E;!I;G!U=!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!T;R!T






T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


P
#`P





38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

C`Q
SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SY
979E

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SY.971T:6YG)B


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P

M/3-$





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




M




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N($5X





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M/3-$


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0W5R<F5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M









M;&4]

'!T.SY.;VXM



T1F;VYT








B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^)B
X




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P


M

M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M




3!P=#L^
M)B


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C5P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A






'!T.SY



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I
M='D@1&5R:79A=&EV97

T1V

M93HQ

T1V





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CPO9F]N

P
#`P



G!X.V)O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
M
#`P





#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]



P
#`P




#`P







P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





#`P
#`P

M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\

T0G=F5R




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M3&5V96PF(S$V

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^3F5T=&EN9R8C
38P.RAA*3PO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








T1F



G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;VTZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P
M


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^
30Y




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P

M

M
#`P



M





#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

M

M
#`P



M




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P

2!C







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXX-CPO

P
#`P



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P




P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^
M)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C5P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M86X]





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X.R!R;W=S




3!P=#L^)B




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXF(S@R






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M(S`P
#`P




#`P


M






#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




@86YD(&QI




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M











@:6X@=&AE('1A8FQE(&%B;W9E('1H870@





2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.S(X


#`P
#`P







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F


#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





F4Z,3!P=#L^.#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^.#


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A


M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


3)P








B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R





P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P



M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M86QA;F-E(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M

M
#`P



M





#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

M

M
#`P



M





#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^5&]T86P@9V%I;G






#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C



P
#`P





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C




3(P






@;V8@9FEN











Z








#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^




@




F4Z
3!P=#MC

#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M96)T('-E8W5R:71I97
@87
@3&5V96P@


@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@:6YT;R!V86QU



C`Q


M(&AA9!B965N(&9U;&QY(')E9&5E;65D+B!3:6=N:69I8V%N=!C:&%N9V5S

@:6X@=&AE
M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@3&5V96P@



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

3!P








M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

SDE(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SYI





M86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SY397!T96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


G!X.V)O


3!P
M=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




P
#`P


3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z















M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]




M



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R







M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M93HQ

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


M.7!T.SXF(S$V




M

M;&4]

'!T.SXH82D\




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(@;6EL;&EO



M8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@96%R;FEN9W







@87)E

M;W-S('=O=6QD(&)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W
@:68@=V4@:6YT











M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P







M97


C`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P




F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$969E<G)E9!#;VUP96YS





N(%1H92!C87-H('-U

@
M:7


979E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T

@87
@82!R97-U







@:6YP=71S+B!792!D:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@86YY(&]T

@;W(@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97



4[9F]N=US


B!I;G!U='
@8F%S960@








3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P


P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^5&]T86P@1&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P





M
#`P








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






M:W



@87)E
M87

@8W)E9&ET(&5V86QU871I;VYS(&]F

F(S@R



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT




@



34R
V8S7V(R




]
T1R97!O




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





M9VAT.C$R


M26YC+B`R
#`P(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(A);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA
M;BD@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV


G!X.V9O




M;G

M:&%R97

F(S$V




@;6%Y(&)E(&=R86YT960@870@





#`P



3!P

#`P

#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M:6-Y(&ES('1O(')E8V]G;FEZ92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!O;B!A







M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
R!R;W=S


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


Q-C`[4&5R)B
Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY796EG:'1E98C
38P.T%V97)A9V4\



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D-O;G1R86-T=6%L)B



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1F

'!T.SY);G1R:6YS:6
F
M(S$V
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P







P
M
#`P




CPO






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XS-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

G!X('-O



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXQ-BXU.3PO9F]N

P
#`P



G!X.V)O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M
#`P

M





P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M



P
#`P





'!T.SXQ-XX-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^5V4@9V5N97)A;&QY(&=R86YT('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;G0@:7






M86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!E86-H('EE87(F(S@R

@87)E(&]U





M

M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


3
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P
#MP





3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M
3!P=#L^



M










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



P
#`P


#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
M
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)3PO


P
#`P

#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/B0Q



M

#`P

#$S





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P

#`P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#D@;6EL



#`P
#`P.W1E





#`P






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


#`P
#`P



M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

3!P

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0U


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3$\




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P

#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E

M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(Q




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(V(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M








#`P

M;VYE.SXR




M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P
3








F4Z,3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M=6YD97)L:6YE.SY297-T<FEC=&5D(%-T;V-K/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M


T0Q/CPO



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

#`P
M





3!P=#L^3G5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M3
M:&%R97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!=F5R86=E)B
Q-C`[






P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





'!T.SX\9F]N


:69E


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M93HQ


P
#`P


3X\9&EV




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A



C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P




3!P=#L^
34N




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P
#`[





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





38P

P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXR

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


S0\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B













M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#$S.PV.3D\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC




3X\

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




3(P)3MP



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F








!Y96%R/]F
6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O<#HX<'@[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQF;VYT

M=&%X97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R

3!P

#`P






'!T.SX@


3

T1F;VYT+69A


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3!P=#MC

#`P


M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD






#`P
#MT

F4Z

#`P
#`P





#`P


3!P=#MC

#`P



M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR




M
#`P

C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
F4Z
M

#`P

30@



M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:&5S92!A=V%R9'






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P

#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M;'5E(&%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT(&1A=&4L(')E9V%R9&QE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


T1F

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W





M.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY.=6UB97(F(S$V
#MO9B8C
M




#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T1T


M(S$V



3!P=#L^1&%T928C
38P.T9A:7(F
M(S$V

P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M



'!T.SY796EG:'1E98C,38P.T%V97)A9V4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M




3!P=#L^*&EN(%EE87)S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
30N
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI












M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXR



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3(N
S4\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
BXS-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




P
#`P



C@L(#(P
3

M;&4]

G!X



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O

P
#`P











T1F

'!T.SXR
XY.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P



#`P


3!P=#L^
BXP


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





#`P
#`P.W1E

BXT(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#`N



@;6EL;&EO

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M.SXR




M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E


M;F4[/C(P
3




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M.SXR



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N
B!M





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






'!T






60Q-3(S
M9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R


C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]




]



M

4[9F]N=US:7IE

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





@


M.C$R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

M









M8V]S='
@86YD(&QI9F4@:6YS=7)A;F-E+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


G!X.V9O;G0M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

M;V8@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE('!L86YS)B
X
C$W.R!B96YE9FET(&]B


M

#`P

M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V
#M0



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3

T0G=F5R




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$S

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P





M93HQ



T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P

3!P=#L^0F5N969I
M=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXY.3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT


M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
CPO9F]N







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M:60@(S`P
#`P

M969T.C



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^0F5N969I='



#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G=F5R


M





P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
M


M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M871I;VX@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ





#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^.#$\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^1F%I




M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V




M=&EO;G

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^
CPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



7!X




M

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P



#`P






T1F;VYT+69A




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P





3!P


M93HQ



M(S`P
#`P






M

7!X('-O








P
#`P




#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S
M(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P

F4Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC




3X\

#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


P
#`P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M86X]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M






M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

Q-C`[4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P






M/3-$-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^0F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P








'!T.SXR

P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C






P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P





M93HQ


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z


M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\

M


3!P


M93HQ



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M.BTQ


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P


T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\




#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^









P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P




#`P







P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
M

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M



M:'0Z




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P

M
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P




F4Z
M




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





C`Q
M


3!P=#L^=&AR964\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@




@
M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A



M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^3F]N+5%U86QI9FEE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3






#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXR

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^.#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^5&AE(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A




#$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



M:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P


G!X.W!A




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^:6X@
M;6EL;&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



3!P=#L^3F]N+5%U86QI9FEE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T0G=F5R





M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M


M
#`P





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXR


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


3!P
M=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


3$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M9RUT;W`Z








M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M


M=!C;W-T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^17AP96-T960@<F5T=7)N(&]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#4\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L












B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH



M:6YD96YT.BTQ




3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T0G=F5R







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






P
#`P



P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




P
M
#`P






#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ



M
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M



M93HQ


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

C`Q

M;W5N='

M9W






M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I









M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M


M;VTZ



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P




3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P
M






#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$R

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P







#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M














T1F;VYT





M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3!P=#L^-2XP-CPO






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


3!P=#L^


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









G!X














M
6QE/3-$=F5R


M;VTZ







CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-XR,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R;W=S












M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



G!X






3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M






M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M93HQ




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^17AP


M;&4]

'!T.SXU+C0T


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1F

'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SY/=7(@


M;G




@=&\@9&5T



@





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^+!W97)E(&YO=!I
&5D(&%N;G5A;!P87EM96YT<RX@5&AE(')E;6%I
M;FEN9R!P;&%N+!W:&EC:!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=V%S(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0X





#`P
M

#LR.P@
M,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
M

3!P


M




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT




#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@




T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SY487)G970F(S$V

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY!;&QO8V%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



G!X


M
3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B
X







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1FEX960@26YC;VUE(%-E8W5R
M:71I97







3!P=#L^-SDN
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^-XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C4N






'!T.SXW+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M







M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M





38P.SPO9F]N





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[





#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M
3!P=#L^


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^




P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



T1F



P
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P



M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^(&EN('!L86X@87-S971S

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(&%N






#MT;R!A
M8VAI979E(&$@=&%R9V5T('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@86YN=6%L(')A=&4@


3
N($%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S

M

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V



#`P

M

M
#`P



38P.S(X
!S;VQI

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P






M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I

M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M










M




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


P
#`P


M/3-$





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT






M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL


M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^)B
X




P
#`P
#`[


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
30\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M


#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXV-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXX-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH82D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






@86YD(&ES


T0P('-T



M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M

T1V97)T:6-A




M87





RD@:7
@87


M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA


T1F;VYT


M

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P

M


M;&4]




CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^07-S971S('-T:6QL(&AE;&0@870@


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#0\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\







T1F;VYT



#`P

M=#HQ



3X\9&EV


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([

P
#`P
#`[

C@L
M(#(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




P
M
#`P





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.V9O




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=&EO;G

30@87)E(&%P



#`P









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P







M

#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^3W1H
M97(F(S$V


P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M


3!P


M93HQ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M









M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$U










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^











M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M










G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR
#$Y+3(P
C



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L




M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




3(P)3MP




@:6X@
C`Q


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34R
V8S7V(R







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





]
T1T97AT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#3TU04D5(14Y3259%($E.0T]-12`H3$]34RD\+V9O;G0^




@





M



2!C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

I
M+!N970@;V8@=&%X97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A





G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#
R

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4&]S
M=')E=&ER96UE;G0@8F5N969I='





M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z


P
#`P


M




M;&4]

G!X


#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N


M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXH-C

M

G!X('-O


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

M93HQ


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ

M=&@Z




M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X






M

7!X('-O


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P


G!X.W!A





M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M





M;W`Z




38P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X




3!P=#L^)B
Q



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT













M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z















T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXH-SPO












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



6QE/3-$=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ


M



'!T.SXH

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N

M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M






G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH
S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











T1F



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

M93HQ




M:'0Z


F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




T0S('-T






38P.SPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\


3!P=#L^)B

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO

G!X




M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$






G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



G!X.V9O;G0M




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


CPO



T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.R!R



F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M;W`Z




38P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT










G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T





G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B













G!X.R!R








M;VTZ






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^










'!T.SXF(S@R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





'!T.SX\9F]N


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R





M/3-$





M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




3X\9&EV('-T






B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



M:'0Z




3!P
M=#L^)B



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R




3!P=#L^)B



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M


M






G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI










3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z
















'!T.SXH
3

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ




#`P
#MP


M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P





P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-CPO

P
#`P



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P




P
#`P




#`P










#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P




P
#`P




#`P









'0O:'1M;#L@





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\









3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M

'!T.SX@0VAI8VME

M8VME;G
L(&%S('=E;&P@87






L(&9O;V1S97)V







G!X


M9B!C87)C87-S97





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;W)K(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M(&AO9W







L(&9O;V1S





M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[








M875C97

L(')E

@86YD(&YO;F-O;6UE






3!P=#L^


M

@1G5E;'
@87)E(&EN8VQU

M96EG:'0Z


'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0T



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY#:&EC:V5N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^0F5E9CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3



G!X



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;W`Z


M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;&4]

'!T.SXU+#@R
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^.3
Q






M/3-$






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M



M



'!T.SXS

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXR



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[




M;W`Z


#`P









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^





M












'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T














M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M;VYS(&)E9F]R92!);F-O;64@5&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\9F]N



M

'!T.SXR-C@\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXU+#DP
CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M




3!P=#L^

M




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P




#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





G!X.V)O


M93HQ



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,PW.#

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









38P



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PQ,#(\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1F




2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^
S(L
M
#



;W-S*3PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ-C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXT-C@\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXQ



2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I













'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
C@\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-#

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^-2PT
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#8Q
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
3$L

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O




@=&\@=&AE('-E

@86YD(&%D9&ET:6]N

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^5&AE






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


N(%1H92!965F('-E9VUE;G0@:&%D
M('-A;&5S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




M




L($EN8RXL(&%C







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



M($9O;V1S('-E9VUE;G1S+B!!;GD@97AT96YD960@9&ES8V]N=&EN=6%N8V4@



3(P)3MP





M(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L^



#`P
M

M;&4]

'!T.SX@;V8@


M

#`P

#$S





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#`P.W1E



'!T.SX@




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

3!P=#L^


#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M


38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF









M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M93HQ

3

M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M



#`P
#`P.W1E




@=&AA;B`\



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M









T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93HQ



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





38P.SPO

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N

P
#`P



G!X.V)O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXR

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M(&]F(&%M;W5N='
@8V%P:71A;&EZ960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X97
L(&YE=!O9B!R969U;F1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


M4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD






]

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ

2!T:&4@1&]N86QD($HN(%1Y<V]N(%)E=F]C86)L92!4<G5S




M
#`P

3!P=#L^(&]F



M

#`P

2!M


3!P=#L^(&EN(&5A8V@@;V8@9FES8V%L(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.SX@=V5R92!P86ED('1O('-U8V@@96YT:71Y+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




3!P=#L^26X@9FES8V%L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$
L(&]F('=H:6-H($UR+B!$;VX@5'ES;VX@*'1H96X@;W5R(%-E

N(%5P

M
C`Q








#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.R<^)#$@
M;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R





2P@
C`Q
RP@=V4@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R

T1F




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(Y+C@U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@



#`P

M;VYE.SXD




38P.U1H92!4



M97)S+!O=VYS(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN







#`P


T1F;VYT+69A




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I




60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R
M-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A










#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@
M06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97





@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F



M;F4[/C(P
3




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M.SXR



3!P

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY-:6YI;75M(&QE87-E(&-O;6UI=&UE;G1S('5N9&5R(&YO;BUC86YC

38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F






3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SYI;B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^



3X\9&EV


G!X






'!T.SXR





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





P
#`P


G!X




M

G!X('-O



#`P







M9'



#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






@



#`P




M;G1E97


&EM=6T@<&]T96YT:6%L(&%M;W5N=!O



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P








M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT/CQF



M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A




M;7













@=6YD


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

3!P


3!P=#L^(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M
M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A






@4F5C96EV86)L92!I;B!O=7(@





X
C$W



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








M

'!T.SXR


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR

P
#`P




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
2PW
34\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M




@
M86YD(&QE9V%L('!R;V-E961I;F=S+B!792!R;W5T:6YE;'D@87-S97-S('1H


L(&%S('=E;&P@87




@:7
@=6YC





M=6)S:61I87)I97

M:7


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



3(P)3MF;VYT





BP@
C`P


Q-C`[
C(L(#(P
#8N



N($-O=7)T(&]F



M;VX@9F]R(&$@=W)I=!O9B!C97)T:6]R87)I(&]N($IU;F4F(S$V,#LY+`R
M
#`X+B!/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#0L(#(P
3








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
#`P.W1E

M




L

L($UA


L($EN8RXL

#`W*3L@0V]L=6UB=7
@





L($EN8RXL($0N($YE



L($EN8RXL(%

CDL(#(P
#@I.R!';V]D



M87


C`Q
2D[(&%N9!*;W-L:6XL($EL;&EN;VES(A-=7)R87DL(&5T(&%L


38P.S(L(#(P


M8VQU9&EN9R!O=F5R=&EM92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@9F]R('1H92!T:6UE(&ET
M('1A:V5S('1O(&-H86YG92!I;G1O('!R;W1E8W1I=F4@=V]R:R!U;FEF;W)M



@:6X@=FEO;&%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!&3%-!

L('!R92T@86YD('!O

M;F0@8V]S='


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ


@:6X@=&AE


#
L

3!P=#L^+B!0;&%I;G1I9F9S
M)B
X


F(S@R





M('-C:&5D=6QE9!F;W(@3F]V96UB97(@,3@L(#(P,3,N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


T1V


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M:7%U:61A=&5D(&1A;6%G97

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



M



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(L-CDR

M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M


M





3X\9&EV

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M92!'=7ET;VX@8V%S92P@=VAI8V@@:6YV;VQV97
@;W5R($-O;'5M8G5S($IU

M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY!(&)E;F-H('1R:6%L('=A

@;W5R

C`Q
M
RX@26X@36%Y(#(P
3
@=&AE('1R:6%L(&-O=7)T(&%W87)D960@=&AE('!L
M86EN=&EF9G





#`P
#`P

C4X+#0Y
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


@;W)D97(@97AP






M



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M86YT+!W87,@:&5L9P@86YD('1H92!J=7)Y(&9O=6YD(&EN(&9A=F]R(&]F

L(#(P
3
N($]N($]C=&]B97(@
M
BP@
C`Q





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/B0T
M+#DV

BP@
C`Q
RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R






M/3-$

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^5&AE('1R:6%L(&-O=7)T(&EN





3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R









M


3!P
M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE

M('1H92!P;&%I;G1I9F9S)B
X


@=VEL;&9U







Q-C`[
M
C`L(#(P



M97













M(#
Q+`R,#$R+!A;F0@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G
@9FEL960@82!N;W1I8V4@
M;V8@87!P96%L(&]N($]C=&]B97(@-2P@
C`Q
BX@3VX@075G=7-T(#$L(#(P
M
3


N(%=E(&AA






M87)I97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R






@;V8@86-T:6]N(&EN8VQU9&EN9RP@8G5T(&YO=!L:6UI
M=&5D('1O+!C;W5N='


:6%B:6QI='D@06-T
M(A#15)#3$$I+!297-O=7)C92!#;VYS97)V871I;VX@86YD(%)E8V]V97)Y



@4FEV






M97ES)B
X
C$W.R!F965S+B!792!A;F0@=&AE(&]T:&5R(&1E9F5N9&%N='
@


@


38P.S
Q+`R,#`X+!T:&4@9&5F96YD

#LR
BP@
C`P.2X@


@=6YD97(@0T520TQ!(&%N

M3VML86AO;6$F(S@R








M:79E(')E;&EE9B!F;W(@=')I86PN($]N($%U9W5S=8C,38P.S$X+`R
#`Y

M:6X@9F%V;W(@;V8@=&AE(&1E9F5N9&%N='
@;VX@3VML86AO;6$F(S@R


@9F]R('9I;VQA=&EO;G
@;V8@=&AE($]K;&%H;VUA(%)E9VES

@06-T+B!/:VQA:&]M

M9B!T:&ES(&-L86EM+B!/;B!397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR+`R,#`Y+!T:&4@


#LQ-2P@
C`P.2P@86YD('1H92!#:&5R
M;VME92!.871I;VX@9FEL960@82!N;W1I8V4@;V8@87!P96%L(&]F('1H870@

X
C$W.R!M








M97(F(S$V


[/F5N(&)A;F
\




M('1H:7





C-F
U]B
M
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T

M;G0]

2!R



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



M



T1T



G!X.V9O



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M



T0X





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VYS+8C,38P.V5X8V5P=8C
M

38P.W-H87)E)B
Q-C`[9&%T83PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY396-O;F0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I

3!P




#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










P
M
#`P





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]




M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY'

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^-3










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXS
#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXR

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXT

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXT
38\



M93HQ







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^






M;&4]

'!T.SY!;6]U




R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M-S




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXY-3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T1V

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



F(S$V




G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^

M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




@0B!87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]





M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C8V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C8Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

6QE




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,XP



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^*#`N
34\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^*#`N








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X





3!P


M93HQ



M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M
















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ








T1F;VYT+69A



M






M

















M;&4]

'!T.SY#;&%S


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XR-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC




3X\


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







T1F;VYT+69A





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-3









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-S

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A




3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M.970@:6YC;VUE(&9R



3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M/3-$





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A9&1I







38P.T$@0F%S:6


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C0U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C4Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
XT,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M










T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A














38P







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0VQA<W,F(S$V,#M!($)A<VEC/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N









T1F




2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^*#`N
M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M9RUT;W`Z








M;VTZ










3!P=#L^*#`N
#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




CPO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#`N

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


C$\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C





'!T.SX\9F]N




M87-S($(@0F%S:6

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXP+C

M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
XQ.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC







#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^
XR,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M







@

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3(@;F5T(&EN8V]M
M92!I;F-L=61E9!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

!C:&%R9V4@<F5L871E9!T;R!T:&4@96%R;'D@97AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@
M;V8@9&5B=X@1F]U<G1H('%U87)T97(@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(@;F5T(&EN8V]M
M92!I;F-L=61E9!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

60Q-3(S
M9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE
M970S






M/D-O;F1E;G-E9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G1S

]


]



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M960@=&AE(#(P
C(@3F]T97


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N


38@3F]T97
L(&%T




L('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU
M9&4@5'ES;VX@1F]O9'
L($EN8RX@*%1&22!087)E;G0I.R!41DT@4&%R96YT

@*$YO;BU'=6%R86YT


M9'
L($EN8RX@;VX@82!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%S:7

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@9F]R('1H92!G=6%R86YT;W(N(#PO9F]N

3(P)3MP861D:6YG




M1#(P(')O=W-P86X]

T0X)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1F;VYT+7-I



P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P







M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M.SXT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P




P
#`P


M


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^







G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



T+#


T1F



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







P
#`P
M


P
#`P

P
#`P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#`P.V)A





P
#`P


BPP
38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



7!X





M










#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M

3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P


30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M.#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF









M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF


G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL











T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3

M;W`Z







M(&-O;'-P86X]






M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M
C


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I






M

7!X('-O





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F




M96YT.BTQ




G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M








M93HQ





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M/3-$






M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`W/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

;W-S(&9R;VT@1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T0G=F5R





T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X.W!A






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





T1F

X-3PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P





M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#8R
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


!S;VQI





M;'-P86X]


#`P



M




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O









#`P




M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S@U/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



#`P





3X\




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

P
#`P


G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL









M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M











M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`P
M

3)P






M9&5N=#HM
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&5S<SH@0V]M<')E:&5N



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



X




P
#`P
#`[

M.'!T.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR


P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
#`P




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#4Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I









C`@

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


CDL(#(P

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5$9)/]F




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1F;VYT



P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

F4Z.'!T.SY.;VXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+7-I

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




T1F;VYT+69A



M


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXS-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


M/3-$


G!X.W!A





M;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3@L.#



M;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#`P
#`P




M:'0Z

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V]S=!O9B!3
M86QE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






#`P


G!X



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30L,#8Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M(S`P
#`P






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`L.#8U/]F


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


B!S

G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXS-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M+#$Y

P
#`P

F4Z
M.'!T.SY396QL:6YG+!'96YE<F%L(&%N9!!9&UI;FES=')A=&EV93PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

#`P
M





#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

P
M
#`P

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A







M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#4P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T





M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






M/C$U



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






T






M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C

M;&4]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0R-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0S/]F;VYT


#`P





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P






#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/C0W

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P





M




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3(X/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P

M/3-$









M+6EN9&5N=#HM


\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I







T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P

M=#HQ



3X\9&EV




M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ




#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]



P
#`P










3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0W,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I




B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M


M.'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





#`P




M



M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q



P
#`P
M


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`Y/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M




M
#`P






P
#`P








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O

;W-S($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!.

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





T0G=F5R




M


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I





M

G!X('-O





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXU.#,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


M;W1T;VTZ








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^











M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL









M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M9G0Z


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

I($%T=')I8G5T86)L

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B









3X\9&EV



#`P
#`P



2!C;VQS




M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



T0G=F5R






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR


P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`P




3X\




#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


3(P





M=&@]



M



T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I





M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-PT-C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

F4Z.'!T.SXH,2PR
M,C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
S(L
#

'!T.SX\9F]N






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CDL.#,W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PQ-S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#DR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M




T0G=F5R=&EC




M



M
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C,Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M
#`P




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



G!X



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X




C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT+69A




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXQ


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF








B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

3PO9F]N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1V97)T


M:60@(S`P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#8W,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M





M/3-$





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











M




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PP-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
M


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C4U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH-S@X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXW,S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


X




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

T1F;VYT

P
#`P
M


T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P

P
#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M;VTZ




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


!S;VQI


P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

6QE


M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R






M


M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z





T1F

#PO9F]N=#X\




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

T1N




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\


2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$




F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ





#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

G!X


M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P





#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M



M
#`P



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M

G!X('-O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




M;&4]

G!X




T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$








#`P

G!X


M



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




F4Z.'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL









M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M





T1V97)T:6-A













3X\9&EV('-T








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M










M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT



M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M







P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P

M;W`Z





3X\9&EV









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M;&4]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXS,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#@Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXQ


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R








M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R





M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M
#`P

M





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K





#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$T+#`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



RPR-3

M;&4]

G!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


#D\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
M




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$U+#(T,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


3(L


G!X.W!A


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


X





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z





G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


G!X.R!R



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#4W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M








M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH






M;W5N='










38P





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M(S`P
#`P





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K





#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0L-3@X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


M;VTZ



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




T1F;VYT






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V









G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\9&EV

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.3,\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S8R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M



M



3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X




3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M;'-P86X]






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD






#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXV+#(P,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXS+#@W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

C


P
#`P



G!X.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;!

M97)S)B
X

M

G!X('-O

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ





M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,L,C4S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P





P
#`P




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P





T1F;VYT

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.'!T.SY.;VXM/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD



P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


G!X.W!A9&1I



\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M;W1T;VTZ




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ




M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M;&4]



M/C$L











X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1V97)T

M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.34P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`P

M

G!X.W!A9&1I




P
#`P









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\




#`P
M




M
#`P

2!C





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV





3X\



M;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T
F4Z.'!T.SY.970@4')O<&5R='DL




Q









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T1F






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

2PP
3`\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;&4]











T1F;VYT

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A















38P





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\



3X\9&EV('-T



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$S+#@U-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT




M.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P


2!C;VQS


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$U+#(T-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M


M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY

X
M

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M+6QE9G0Z






2!C







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T











M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,38W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



G!X









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-3$U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.#`T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T










#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M


'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P




M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P






M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXU+#,S-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0L.30U/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT+69A





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#D\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T1F

CPO9F]N

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
2PY


M/3-$





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#,R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXU-3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV













M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M




3!P=#L^
M)B


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C5P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A



X
M



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^-BPP

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
RPW




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT


B!S

G!X

M





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W1T;VTZ




2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

G!X.W!A9&1I




X


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F(S@R







M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXX+#,W,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P




#`P

M





T1F;VYT+69A










3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R




T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q
B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
M
#`P



#`P


M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
#`[





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0G=F5R=&EC





S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



#`P


#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/B@Q

P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH
F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]









T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/3-$










M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A













3X\9&EV('-T








G!X





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$S/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M=#HM

@9G)O;2!N;W1E










M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M

CL\


2!C





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXH,3`V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z



G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

M;&4]


P
#`P


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N






T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
S8\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P






M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V%S:!0



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#4Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


C

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A



G!X






G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#8Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I




B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







M=#HQ


#MP


M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









M9RUT;W`Z










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

#0\+V9O;G0^









M9&5N=#HM


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.W1E





M;W`Z







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R






3X\


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
M

G!X






38P





T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P



!S;VQI





M:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97



M;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P




P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A







M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
#`P

G!X



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



7!X('-O;&ED


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P


P
#`P



M/C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




P
#`P
#`[8F%C





3)P



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXV



M





38P.SPO9F]N

3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;&5N='
@870@0F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F(%EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#`W,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT+7-I

X



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M

G!X('-O

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

T1F;VYT




M.SXQ+#$R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

F4Z.'!T.SY#;VYD
M96YS960@0V]N<V]L:61A=&EN9R!3=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@0V%S:!&;&]W<R!F
M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z.'!T.SY41DT\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P

M;&5F=#HQ


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

!S;VQI

M;&4]

Q
CPO

P
#`P



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P

M

M
#`P



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


T1F


P
#`P







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P


M;W`Z



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1F;VYT



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M;&4]



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M






T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q










M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P
M


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M


P
#`P


M


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#8V,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M






T1F



X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



Q-C`[


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





M

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&EV:61E;F1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B








F4Z
M.'!T.SY3=&]C:R!O<'1I;VYS(&5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$




M





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\








F4Z.'!T.SY/=&AE<BP@;F5T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N

3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3)P



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG






P
#`P



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#`P
#`P



2!C;VQS



P
#`P




P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A







M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



#`P



2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3)P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



G!X.V)O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



X




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M.SXH


#`P
#MB86-K



G!X




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

U-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M
F4Z.'!T.SY#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M93HQ


P
#`P





#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








#`P



M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X


P
#`P





T1F


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P




P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
#`P




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PP-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M92UH96EG:'0Z



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z.'!T.SY41DT\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$)W9E

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P

M;&5F=#HQ


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

!S;VQI

M;&4]


P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P




P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP









M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9RUT;W`Z



M/3-$

















3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH-C0S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



@;V8I+U!R;V-E961S



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









M9RUT;W`Z






3X\



M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M





M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXU,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T0G=F5R




M86X]



M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXR.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

G!X.W!A9&1I




M+6EN9&5N=#HM

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P



#`P
M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P


P
#`P
M



#`P





M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


P
#`P




#`P





T0R('-T


#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



P
#`P


3X\





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV('-T






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV










M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





38P.T$@8V]M




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(P/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


T1V97)T:6-A






M9G0Z


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M9RUT;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A













3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P
#`[8F%C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#
Y-3PO9F]N=#X\




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P








M($%C=&EV:71I97



M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


3PO9F]N=#X\

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#8U.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




P
#`P

P
#`P





M

7!X('-O

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P





38P


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ




#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N

3PO9F]N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


B!S='EL


#`P


G!X


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ



M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


M(S`P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?
M.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
M
34R
V8S7V(R

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




M1#$^

]


]
T1R


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&24Y!3D-)04P@4U1!5$5-14Y4
M(%-#2$5$54Q%/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^5%E33TX@1D]/1%,L($E.0RX\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3
M0TA%1%5

M:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E9!3%5!5$E/3B!!3D0@455!3$E&64E.1R!!

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



3!P=#MC

#`P

M(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


M



T0R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



M:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


P
#`P

G!X


M


Q
M-C`[;6EL;&EO;G

T0G=F5R








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY
M86QA;F-E)B
6QE/3-$9F]N


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY#:&%R9V5D)B
6QE

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ





#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


38P
3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SYO9B!097)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I




3!P=#L^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N










T1F



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^*#0\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M;W`Z


M





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C`Q


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
S(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
S$\+V9O







M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH

M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^5F%L=6%T

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M










M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R







2!C









F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M



'!T.SXY-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^)B
X




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P










M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!S


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
M






]

C`Q

]
M

]
M



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M93HQ

N(AC;VQL
M96-T:79E;'DL(8C.#(R
#M#;VUP86YY+8C.#(R,3L@)B,X,C(P.W=E+8C
M.#(R
3L@)B
X
C(P.W5S)B
X

C`[;W5R)B
X
C(Q.RDL
M(&9O=6YD960@:6X@







3!P
M=#L^(#4P


@
3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@8V]U;G1R:65S(&%R;W5N9!T:&4@=V]R




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@;6%J;W)I='DM;W=N960@


]

]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@5V4@=71I;&EZ92!A(#4R



M;7!A;GDF(S@R



#`P
M



M/C(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F


T1F;VYT



M;W5N='




C`Q


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P
#MT

3!P=#L^










C`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
CDL(#(P




M8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86-C;W5N='

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0V(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#

T1F






M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S.CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



@86YD(&]T:&5R(&%R92!V86QU960@870@=&AE(&QO=V5R(&]F(&-O





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M


3!P=#L^(%!R;W!E


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!M86-H:6YE<GD@86YD(&5Q



3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

\







M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T





3(P





@87-S97-S960@

@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES=&]R




@
M;V8@9G5T=7)E(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S(&%N9!D:7-C;W5N=!R871E



]
T1T97AT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E









M268@:70@:7





M=&5S=!W;W5L9!B92!R97%U:7)E9X@061D:71I;VYA;&QY+!W92!C86X@











@


M;6]U;G0L('1H96X@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7
@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@:6UP86ER



@:7

N(%1H92!I;7!L:65D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O9'=I
M;&P@:7

@86YD(&QI



@9&5T97)M:6YE


M9'=I;&P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4@;&EF92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S



M;&4]

'!T.SY792!E


@86YD

@86YD(&ES(&)E;&EE=F5D('1O(')E9FQE8W0@



@8F%S960@

@

G
M(&EN9'5S=')I97

M;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

N
M(%=H:6QE('=E(&)E;&EE=F4@=V4@:&%V92!M861E(')E87-O;F%B;&4@97-T




3!P=#L^


M

3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


@86YD('1H97)E


@:70@:7
@;6]R



@8GD@=')A9&5M87)K+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M







M
!P97)C96YT(&%N9!W92!D;R!N;W0@:&%V92!A(&-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN




M92!D96)T('-E8W5R:71I97




M(&%N9!L;W-S97,L(&YE=!O9B!T87@L(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&-O









M



3!P


M93HQ








M;&%I;7
@97AP97)I96YC92P@9&5M;V=R87!H:6




T0G9F]N






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I;F%N8VEA

@86YD(&QI=F5S=&]C:R!I

M:6QY(&9U='5R97
@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
L('1O(')E9'5C92!O=7(@97AP;W-U














X
C$W.W
@8VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@:7








]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N


3!P=#L^(%=E(')E8V]G;FEZ92!R979E;G5E('=H96X@


M;VX@=&5R;7













@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D('=H96X@:70@:7

M:6QI='D@:&%S(&)E96X@:6YC=7)R960@86YD('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE


@86YD(&EN







]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











]



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;G




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



T1T;W`^4F5S96%R
M8V@@06YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M




@87)E(&5X

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M




M

3

T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



]

T0G9F]N






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E5S92!O9B!%



3!P=#L^(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N='






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+B!4:&ES(&=U:61A


Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
RP@

M9'



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'






]



M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG



38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q



M=VED=&@Z


M/3-$



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^:6XF(S$V




T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P





M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A









3X\





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



'!T.SX\9F]N




M=F5S=&]C:R`F(S@R


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`P
M

3)P






M;&4]

'!T.SY3=7!P

X


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#@Q-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X

P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXR+#@P.3PO9F]N



M:'0Z


'!T.SX\9F]N








M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0U)2!R;W=S




#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


Q-C`[;6EL
M;&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]






'!T.SY/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3
M:&%R97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M







P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
M




T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O

P
#`P
M




P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

!S;VQI



#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






]

]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG






T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C






R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P

M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^
C`Q
M

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



#`P





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
#@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
M






#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



G!X.V)O


M93HQ




M
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




P
#`P

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C
M-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]




]





]



'!T




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M





M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^3&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#@V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXU+#4P-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C4L







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






#`P

G!X


M





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#(P,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ






M

G!X('-O


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P







]


C`Q
SQB

]




M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M97(@
2P@
C`Q

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


M93HQ


P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





38P


P
#`P

3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^









T1F;VYT+69A





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T




M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

7!X









P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P


P
#`P



T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1FES8V%L(#(P
3(@



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC


F4Z,3!P=#L^0W5R<F5N8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@86YD(&]T:&5R/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L






M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

M






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ+#$R
SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F

'!T.SXH
CD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A






M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P



#`P

G!X






P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU-C







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P





3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




3!P=#L^)B



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




G!X.W!A9&1I




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M
3!P=#L^)B






G!X.R!R;W=S




#$S($%C=&EV:71Y







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M9RUT;W`Z
















#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M



'!T.SXF(S@R


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



C`Q

P
M
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^06-C=6UU;&%T

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^*#4V
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A









#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C








T1F





#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P







M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV

#`P
M

2!C;VQS








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T


M;&4]




2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU



T1F

'!T.SXQ-3(\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M




T1V









G!X.R!R





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[


@86-C
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXY
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXQ

M

G!X('-O


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M7S%D
34R
V8S7V(R






]

T1)



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\








M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MP861D:6YG



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M





M:6YG/3-$




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




3X\



3X\9&EV

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P

M





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
!S;VQI



#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M


P
#`P


M




P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M/3-$



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#$S.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R
M-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A









C@L(#(P
3




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M









M:6YG/3-$




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
C`Q






M;&4]

'!T.SY2979O




#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N


F4Z,3!P=#L^4V5N:6]R(&YO=&5S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M+C8P)2!396YI;W(@;F]T97

38@*#(P
38@3F]T97
I










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












3!P


M93HQ





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
















T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

&5M
M<'0@8F]N9',@9'5E($]C=&]B97(@,C`S,R`H,XP-R4@870@.2\R.\R,#$S
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXX,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED




P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P







P
#`P

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^


C-F
U]B
M
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T

M;G0]

^#0H@

I/&)R


]








'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$






#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MF;VYT




'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VYS)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P





#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$


#`P












#`P







P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


M/3-$


G!X.W!A





M;VTZ







M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


Q
#PO9F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;CPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

P
M
#`P


P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M:'0Z




3!P
M=#L^)B


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0W5R<F5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXT
C$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M



'!T.SXH

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z





P
#`P


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]

G!X

P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


U
3PO

P
#`P



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






]




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$Q

F4Z,3!P=#L^1F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P




3!P=#L^
S4N


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B










7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
M
#`P







M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3X\





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L











'!T.SXH

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^*#$N.#PO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P



#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG











#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

P
#`P

M/3-$





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




#`P

M;VYE.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN



M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#`P




3!P=#L^:6XF(S$V







#`P

G!X

#`P
M



3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


P
#`P







G!X






M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








M:'0Z










M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






3!P


M93HQ




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


M97

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXY.#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X

P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXS.3
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O

P
#`P
M






P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



P
#`P


3X\


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC


M




M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P




38P.SPO




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M



T1F

F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXU
S

T0G=F5R





]



M93HQ


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O


M93HQ


#LQ+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CQF

2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L


Q-C`[;6EL;&EO
M;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


3
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@;V8@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!T:&4@

P
#`P
M






#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P

M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X






'!T.SY);F-R96%S97





3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M93HQ





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT







M





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M






M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^*#
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P





M




!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P









#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;&4]

'!T.SX\+V9O

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]


]

C`Q

]
M


]







'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VYS+8C,38P
M.V5X8V5P=8C

38P.W-H87)E)B
Q-C`[9&%T83PO9F]N=#X\




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P





#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M



M



G!X.W!A


3!P










M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXW
S@\


!S;VQI

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C



P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXX-#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


P
#`P







G!X






M


3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R






@9&EV:61E;F1S






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L








B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P






P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^
3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L










#`P














G!X

#`P



M;&4]





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M




T0S




M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

F(S$V
#M!('5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
\+V9O






M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:'0Z



M




#`P

M

M
#`P



M




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P

2!C







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXU-C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P





P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^-CDS

P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B



M





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0VQA

F(S$V



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M






M





38P.SPO9F]N







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;VYV97)T:6)L
M92`R




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


P
#`P


P
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





@

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P



M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXS-S`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D-L87-S)B
Q-C`[02!87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M








M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


C!P











M




3!P=#L^
BXR
CPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C8X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M




T0S




M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
BXP-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
















M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\






#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T






]

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y397`N





F4Z,3!P
M=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S971S(&9O<G1H('1H92!F86ER('9A
M;'5E(&]F(&%L;!D97)I=F%T:79E(&EN<W1R=6UE;G1S(&]U='-T86YD:6YG
M(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
M
#`P





38P.SPO

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]






'!T.SY&86ER)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR

#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO





3!P=#L^


M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R











M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^




P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




3!P=#L^)B



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M










M




P
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$97)I=F%T:79E($QI86)I;&ET:65S.CPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0V]M;6]D:71Y(&-O;G1R










M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X('-O

P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY4;W1A;!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(8C.#(Q
3L@9&5S


G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^

M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








G!X.R!R;W=S






3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5&]T86P@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B

3$[(&YO=!D97-I9VYA=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




P
#`P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z-7!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


#`P
#MB

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P








M=&@Z




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
M


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
L(&5X8V5P=!S;WD@;65A;!T;VYS


P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ


M



'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC



F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]M;6]D:71Y.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4V]Y






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





M

M














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-C0L-S`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



7!X


#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





]


M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R









M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O

P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



3!P=#L^4F5C;V=N:7IE98C,38P.VEN)B,Q-C`[3T-)/]F;VYT


M93HQ

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


F(S$V
#MO9B8C
38P.TEN


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P




3!P=#L^1V%I;B\H



P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$


#`P





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$S

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M9&5N=#HM


T1F;VYT


M9V4@)B
X

M:6YS=')U;65N='



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A









M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\





M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









T1F




2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^*#$V


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N




P
#`P
#`[


#`P
M









M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ











3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V
#M);F-O;64O17AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG










B!S='EL


#`P


G!X







P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

T0G=F5R


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^*#

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!S



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^

M

G!X('-O


M



]

]
T1T


M;&4]




@=VAI

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M








#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P
#`[








G!X.R!R





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A






'!T.SY
:79E($-A='1L93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W







M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY
96%N($AO9W

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;&4]

'!T.SY0;W5N
M9'

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
SD\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0Q,!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



M


M

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M

M
#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M

'!T.SY'86EN+RA






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^0V]S=8C,38P.V]F)B,Q-C`[4V%L97,\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



G!X






M





M/3-$


M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M



P
#`P
M

M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P



#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]





]
T1T



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SY792!H


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P



3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T





#`P








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






'!T.SY=7-H96QS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I












3!P=#L^


M



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







2!C









M

'!T.SY
:79E($-A



G!X



3X\



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M



'!T.SY5;FET960F(S$V
#M3=&%T97


P
#`P



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^


M86QI9VX]




M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG
M('1A8FQE('-E='






M=VED=&@]
T0R

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M


M;65N='
F(S$V
#MO9B8C
38P.TEN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P









T1F;VYT+69A






#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXH
3`\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M






M
38P.V]F)B
Q-C`[4V%L97

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q-C`[26YC;VUE

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH


#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P

M
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
M



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ-3PO9F]N=#X\


M
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R





^+RH@


M







#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@07-S971S($%N9!






3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97




M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H96ER(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M86X]


M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P


G!X.W!A




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F

'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F
M(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SY,979E;8C

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY,979E;8C
38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY,979E;8C
38P.S
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I='D@1&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ







3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P

M;&5F=#HQ



3X\


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M




M='

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P




#`P







P
#`P


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXS

M

G!X('-O

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M




M
3!P=#L^)B


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X




3!P=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B
X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ




M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M









'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ









#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


3X\


M
#`P







#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
#`[





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M
#`P



F4Z
M



'!T.SXF(S@R


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

G!X



#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V

P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T
M=&EN9R8C,38P.RAA*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ
!S






M;&4]


M='


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

















M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXF(S@R






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M

'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA











3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R







M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





#`P
M

G!X






38P




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

P
#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P


G!X





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N


M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O







M

G!X('-O



#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




G!X.W!A




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV








T1F;VYT+69A



M


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F]R






'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
SPO


:6%B


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC





P
#`P

2!C









M;&4]

G!X



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^*#$P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O


M;&EA8FEL:71I97


N($%T(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





]


L(%5N;V)S97)V
M86)L92!);G!U=!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



3!P=#L^


M



@*$QE=F5L(#
I





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXX
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

G!X






'!T.SY4;W1A;!R96%L:7IE9!A;F0@=6YR


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^26YC;'5D960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



'!T.SX\9F]N






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([













M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^27-S=6%N




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




#`P






T1F;VYT+69A



#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P


M93HQ


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('-T:6QL(&AE;&0@870@96YD(&]F('EE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





]


]



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M='
@:6X@3W1H97(@07-S971S(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC
M92!3:&5E='



N(%=E(&-L87-S



3(P




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M;&4]


T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A







P
#`P




P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY'86EN+RA
;W-S*3PO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED









#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



3!P

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY$96)T(%-E8W5R:71I97
Z









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ,G!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M









T1F




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S


'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ,G!X.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F


M9RUL969T.C




3)P



M;&4]

'!T.SY2961E



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT









G!X.R!R




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M/3-$



P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^-SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P




#`P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]







#`P

M97!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






@9F]R('1H;W-E(&]R('-I;6EL
M87(@:6YS=')U;65N='


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


P
#`P
#`[)R!R


P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M

'!T.SY686QU93PO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY686QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



P
#`P
#`[



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#4T
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
BPT
#@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0S,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











]

]
M

C`Q

]



T1T;W`^




M;&4]


T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


T1F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H




'!T.SY!=F5R86=E)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





3!P=#L^0V]N=')A
M8W1U86PF(S$V
#M


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M06=G<F5G871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.U9A



P
#`P

2!C






#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/
M=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

2!C






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#86YC96QE9#PO9F]N





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
38N

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

L-SDY+#DX




P
#`P
#`[


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG+!397!T96UB97(@,C@L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
RPY
3(L


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





#`P

7!X('-O





M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P
!S;VQI

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

G!X



#`P







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M



C@L
M(#(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





3!P=#L^-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P



3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


3$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


M/3-$


G!X.W!A





M;VTZ









M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

2!C


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A














T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1F;VYT+69A



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE


#`P
#`P




M:'0Z



M





#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





#`P





3!P=#L^


M



]

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

S4E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





T0Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SY796EG:'1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M;&4]


M=&4F(S$V
#M&86ER)B



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P







3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT960F(S$V
#M!=F5R86=E


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






G!X






'!T.SXR+#
W
2PU-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
!S


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



G!X.V)O






M:'0Z



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O








M;&4]






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
C$L

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
C0N




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#`P.W!A







P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


#`P
M




#`P








#`P
M



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




#`P
M

G!X






38P

P
#`P

2!C


P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXS
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




]


M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


38P.V]F)B
Q-C`[4VAA

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





38P.T=R

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY2







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F]N=F5S

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<T+#`V,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ-XR-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









3!P=#L^.3(T+#8U
3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P
M

G!X







#`P
#MB






3!P=#L^*#8T+#DS-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$R+C




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P


G!X


F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXR+C`\+V9O;G0^

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y
M-&9A


M;G1E;G0]

^




]





M='

]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





F(S@R





#`P
#`P

#LR.2P@
C`Q
M




C0@

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


3!P


M93HQ

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P









P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^
C`Q
M

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



#`P





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M


M



M










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


V





M;&4]

'!T.SY);G1E

T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^
3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R











M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG




G!X



T1F;VYT




M
#`P

M



P
#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N


M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!S



#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q









#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M





G!X.V9O;G0M


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P





38P





#`P








M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





M;&4]

7!X



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO





G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M


X
M






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





#`P
#MB


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F5N969I='
@



#`P


M



T1F



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG










B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M








P
#`P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







P
#`P


M





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!S

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P





38P



P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R
!S

P
#`P








'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M





M/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO


M






M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P








#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


3!P


M93HQ



#`P
M










M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P








#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M



#`P
#`P












]

]


3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V
#M0



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3

T0G=F5R




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$S

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P




M;W`Z

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\





M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;W1T;VTZ











M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M.BTQ






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M/3-$






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P











#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P


G!X.V)O










#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ






P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\



#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



P
M
#`P





P
#`P

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




P
M
#`P




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4&QA;G,@5VET:!!8V-U;75L871E9!96YE9FET


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@87)E(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS



M86X]


M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3!P=#L^3F]N+5%U86QI9FEE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


M



'!T.SXR


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4')O:F5C





3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z




M







M;&4]

'!T.SXR-SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


]

@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R


M;F1E;G0Z

'!X






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S;VQI

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

G!X

M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1O

3!P=#L^)B


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!S;VQI



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M



\+V9O








3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S$V

M=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


M
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P



7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P





#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M26YT97)E<W0@8V]S=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






G!X.V9O;G0M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P








#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M



#`P
M

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


M
#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXQ
#PO9F]N


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


7!X('-O;&ED




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



]


]



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


M9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


F4Z,3!P=#L^4&5N<VEO;B!96YE9FET<SPO9F]N=#X\


M






Q-C`[4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^3F]N+5%U86QI9FEE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




3!P=#L^0F5N969I='
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXR

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P





#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M

7!X('-O


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N






M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


M

'!T.SY$:7-C;W5N




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


SPO






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


3!P=#L^


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




F4Z,3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M







T1F





G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+C(S/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V














'!T.SXE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







3!P=#L^
RXU
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






M;&4]



\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M

7!X('-O








P
#`P



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`P





M






#`P
#MB









#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





P
#`P

M
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







]


3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$

M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXQ+C8\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





'!T.SXF(S@R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-#8N
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;&4]





'!T.SXT+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M



'!T.SXR

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B









M/3-$










3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







#`P
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^06QT97)N





'!T.SXS+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;&4]

'!T.SXS+C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXQ
#`N

P
M
#`P





P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#`P



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V%T


]
T1T97AT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O





T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


T0Q-2!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY397!T96UB97(F(S$V

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SY

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY
979E;8C,38P.S(@*&$I/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^3&5V
M96PF(S$V

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ
!S






M;&4]

'!T.SY#87-H
M(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T









M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI





3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M;&4]







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








!S;VQI




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
SPO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M





M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C

P
M
#`P









M







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^











M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A9&1I






B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T








#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M



#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M



P
#`P



#`P







M



#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^



M



#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



@82!P




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3!P
6QE
M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE




]


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M
#`P




3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

M/3-$


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A







M9RUT;W`Z








M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^06-T=6%L(')E='5R;B!O

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^07-S971S('-O;&0@9'5R:6YG



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ








M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED


M8V4@870@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MB

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N




#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S






3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!B96YE9FET('!A


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]





M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M


M86X]


M93HQ


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P




3!P=#L^475A;&EF

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]








M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/3-$





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



!S

P
#`P




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I




F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$


#`P





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M='

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#8Y


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#


#`P
M

G!X






38P




#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT



#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^*#$P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P



G!X



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P




P
#`P




#`P









]

]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






T0T
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P



G!X





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

M;&4]

7!X


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



7!X

3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



#`P




3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M

7!X('-O


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3!P=#L^0F5F





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M




M
3!P=#L^)B


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I











G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3)P







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






T1F




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







3X\



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M





M



G!X.W!A


3!P



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9RUT;W`Z









M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






M;&4]






M

'!T.SXH
CPO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY5




3X\9&EV('-T


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
38\



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T

T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M




3!P=#L^
M)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C5P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X.R!R;W=S




3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A





G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3X\

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M








M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R




3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M




M
3!P=#L^)B


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO

G!X



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M



'0M86QI



M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$






G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



G!X.V9O;G0M




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M












M93HQ




M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]








M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

M93HQ




M:'0Z


F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




T0S('-T






38P.SPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\


3!P=#L^)B

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M





M

'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N

M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ



#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ







P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P


G!X




M

G!X('-O

P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M
#`P





38P.SPO



M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M;&4]

G!X



#`P




#`P


M






#`P







M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M;&4]

G!X



60Q-3(S
M9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-

]
T1T


C`Q

]






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M/3-$




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT







#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^0VAI


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


F4Z,3!P=#L^4')E<&%R960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

3!P=#L^1F]O9'
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M


M;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P

2!C



M96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^4V%L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS+#
R
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH
2PP.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P













3!P


M93HQ

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M





38P


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N















'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
S`\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

'!T.SX\9F]N









3!P=#L^-2PX

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T










M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3X\9&EV('-T






T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXX-SPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X





CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



2!C;VQS




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^*#DX
M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
S
L






M



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#(X-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R








M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A










6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-2PY

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ,G!X.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ






M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M



#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXY.3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M4V%L97


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ









38P



G!X.R!R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^*#$L

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


R+#`S












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V











M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^







2!C











G!X.V9O;G0M




G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L


G!X.W!A










T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXX-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R











M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
BPV

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXY-C`\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXY-#

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ+#$T-CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P





'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ,G!X.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXX.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P







M
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



3(@36]N=&AS($5N


]


&5S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

F5S
M(&-A<V@@<&%Y;65N=',@9F]R(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
Z

M


T0Q/CPO

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SYI
M;B8C


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
#`[

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ


!S

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXS
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A
M7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A







M($%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(A486)L97


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


T1F

'!T.SY-:6YI;75M(&QE










3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SYI;B8C



G!X




M


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\












3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T1V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P
#`P





]
T1R









38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F

#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SYI;B8C
38P




M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\












3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

!S;VQI


P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
















]



]

]


M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SYI;B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VYS+8C
M,38P.V5X8V5P=8C

38P.W-H87)E)B
Q-C`[9&%T83PO9F]N




#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

F4Z



P
#`P


3X\

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ













M





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^-3





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXS
#0\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXT

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXT

T1V97)T











M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^





3!P


M93HQ



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[3F5T(&EN



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#0\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









3X\9&EV





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXQ-S

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M




M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


F
M(S$V



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,XP
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M*#`N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M




2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M*#`N



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


G!X.W!A










G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F





G!X


M














M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F






3!P


M93HQ







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V


M

P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M

7!X('-O


2!C;VQS



#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
XR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M;&4]

7!X


2!C




#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L













M;&4]




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C@L










M




M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,#8\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








G!X











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ.#$\


2!C





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M.


G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M;W`Z


M





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M
M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@5'ES;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M86X]






3!P=#L^

M93HQ






M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


B!S='EL93TS




G!X






T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


38P.T$@0F%S
M:6






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C0X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^1&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M











3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#`N

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^*#`N
#8\+V9O;G0^




M87-S($(@0F%S:6

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXH,XP





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^*#`N
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,XP-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T








M/3-$




M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M








M93HQ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXP+C
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP



F4Z
M,3!P=#L^1&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XR,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F
M-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970U








M


#$S/&)R





]

]


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











2!C



2!C;VQS



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO

P
#`P





M;&4]

M97(@
C@L(#(P
3

T0G=F5R


P
#`P






#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P




M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5$9)/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A






F4Z.'!T.SY087)E;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



T1F

3PO9F]N=#X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


P
#`P

M/3-$




M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O










7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
38L


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T



#`P


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P




P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G


M



3X\9&EV('-T





M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]

M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P


2PT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\




#`P
M




M(S`P
#`P

M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO









P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V





M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

M.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@










T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXH


M
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


M;VTZ



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M;&4]







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

X
C$R.SPO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

#D\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M;&5F=#HQ


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#8R





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

#PO

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N









P
#`P

M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

P
#`P

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ



M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[




#`P





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





M93HQ


P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB


M/3-$


M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED


B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V












M;VTZ





S

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH
F4Z.'!T
M.SXR




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXH-3DR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M;&4]





SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



G!X.V9O



M
#`P

M



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


#`P
M



2!C




M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



S

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P




M




#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P


3X\

M

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

M

7!X('-O


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.'!T.SY41DD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4&%R96YT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5$9-/]F;VYT/CPO




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T0G=F5R=&EC








#`P




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



P
#`P


3X\









G!X




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



34L

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X

#`P
M





#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S,L,#4U/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


F4Z.'!T.SXQ-PP-C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#$L

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXS,PX-C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXW-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I







#`P
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M
#`P




M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CDW/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



G!X.R!R;W=S

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE













M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(T/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M



M
#`P

M

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M97)A=&EO;G


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

3

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M

#PO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


3([

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



U
M


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]





M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
M


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X
M,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P





#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P





#`P
#`P.W!A







#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ







P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#0W



M

G!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S









M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T1N;VYE+SX\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M.BTQ




M




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1V97)T

M

CPO9F]N

P
M
#`P


M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M



M
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F


P
#`P






M;&4]




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






C`@

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M($]C=&]B97(@
2P@
C`Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



T1F;VYT




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


3)P








M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1V97)T

M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

T1F;VYT+69A







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





T1F;VYT+69A








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`P

M

G!X.W!A9&1I




B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M




#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P
M




M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$L,C(W/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

P
#`P
M



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#$W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R


G!X




F4Z.'!T.SY396QL:6YG


M;&4]




#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C4S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V





M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I
















G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

#PO




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M




#`P





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P




M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P.W!A




M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXH-S`X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXS,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXY.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M





M;VTZ





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#`W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

T
#PO9F]N=#X\



M96YT.BTQ


M;&4]

#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






!S;VQI





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X
M,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P





#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P





#`P
#`P.W!A







#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

#PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P




M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


B!S='EL


#`P


G!X


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ



M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC


M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A9&1I











M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ





M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




#`P
M





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P



M;'-P86X]








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M

T1V97)T:6-A







T1V97)T

M

3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M;&4]










M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#PO9F]N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A




M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM


I($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!.;VYC

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M





#`P






P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@5'ES;VX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.30\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P




#`P



3X\

#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T

T0Q
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



F4Z.'!T.SY#;VYD96YS

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M:6YA=&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P









M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






T1V97)T

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@







M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




2!C;VQS




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z
















M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B











M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
2PP

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

2PW-S@\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30U/]F


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M86X]







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXQ+#<Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




L
3




M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO






B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R






M


M;W`Z



\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV









G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@07-S971S/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C0T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V97)T

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXR+#`S-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


B!S='EL


#`P


G!X


P
#`P

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



3
L


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P





#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


T1V



G!X.W!A9&1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M










F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

M





M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#8R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M




P
#`P


G!X.W!A




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N

#PO








G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


C0Q






M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

V
CPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X




38P.SPO9F]N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A






M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S



F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXU+#8S,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M



M9RUT;W`Z



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A







M
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]



M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M+#(S




#`P





3X\9&EV


M;&4]

M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P


#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M
#`P





M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




#`P





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3(L
!S;VQI


M;F1E;G0Z

'!X




T0T


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M

M9!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@87,@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R
M(#(Y+`R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


F4Z.'!T.SYI;B!M:6QL:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]





#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


T1F;VYT

T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;VTZ








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

G!X


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T1V97)T:6-A

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@











G!X







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXY,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P





P
#`P




M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M='

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]










M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
RPQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXT+#`R



T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







T0R






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

2PX.3$\








M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









M;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







M





38P.SPO9F]N

2PR
#@\



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





P
#`P


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXR+#`P-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N






T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







#`P
#`P.W!A

M





#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P





M

P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






M


P
#`P





M



@86YD





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T1F;VYT

M:71I97


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD









T1F











M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT+69A

M8FEL:71I97

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#@X-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M



P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S8V/]F


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2PS,S8\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S`R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z






M



M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPX,S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


2PW-S0\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXH

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
3



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



3X\9&EV








G!X.W!A9&1I









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-30Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R




3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M




M
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M+#`Y



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



G!X
F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;!


X



M

T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXU+#0Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.PS

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P






P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M


'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


C`Q



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



T1F;VYT




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.V)O


M;&5F=#HQ



M:71I97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH




M



#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




M;&4]

7!X


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



M

7!X('-O


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


3

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M=&EV:71I97



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M96YT.BTQ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]





M;W1T;VTZ





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH-#0Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T1F


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





T1V97)T:6-A

M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M

M(&9R;VT@;F]T97

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R

G!X





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0G=F5R


P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M($%C=&EV:71I97



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M




M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M;&4]

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N









X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ



T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M+6QE9G0Z


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]



M86X]










M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$S/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












38P

M




T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M;&4]

M(&]P=&EO;G

C
\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

3([






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M9G0Z


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF









P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXH

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N










#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
M

M

CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
M
#`P


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]




M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC





#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M





#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]




M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q







M



M;W1T;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

7!X('-O;&ED

M=#HQ



3X\9&EV

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P







#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;&5N='

M;&4]

G!X

#`P
M




P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N

F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P


2!C;VQS



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P




M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXQ+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C`Q
M

M-B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F







#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


M:6YD96YT.BTQ



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M


M.'!T.SXS

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
#`P


3X\


M.SXT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

3`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P






P
#`P

2!C





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M.SY#87-H($9L;W=S(&9R;VT@26YV97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.V9O;G0M


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q





M




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

T1F


M

M

M86X]






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M



T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ



T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P





#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



U




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I









M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]










M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


C



3X\

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M=7)C:&%S92!O9B!R961E96UA8FQE(&YO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M.SXH

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z













T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#$R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#,R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P









#`P

G!X


M




#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXT-34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO







M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$W,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P





3([

P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



P
#`P




T0G=F5R





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M9&5N=#HM
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YC<F5A<V4@*$1E8W)E
M87-E*2!I;B!#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M
#`P

M

G!X.W!A9&1I




M+6EN9&5N=#HM





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P



M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P

38\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M

G!X('-O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF







#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ

M+#`V


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E



T0T
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M

7!X('-O


#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

T0G=F5R



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


F4Z.'!T.SY41DD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
6QE/3-$

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5$9-/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P



M;W`Z



#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXS,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






P
#`P



M:'0Z




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

!S;VQI

M;&4]

#PO

P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#`T-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^/]D





T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M














M:6YD96YT.BTQ


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#4W/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C

T1V

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T1F;VYT+69A



'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT






T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





3X\9&EV

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

L

M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO

P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










P
#`P


M





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P



G!X.V)O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T




#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


P
#`P




#`P




M.BTQ
F4Z.'!T.SY#87-H($9L;W=S(&9R;VT@1FEN
M86YC:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M.SY.970@8VAA;F=E(&EN(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







M




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T













M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9RUT;W`Z




M.BTQ
F4Z.'!T.SY$:79I9&5N9',\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#4Y/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M



M;W1T;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXU,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M










M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
#`P

M





#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




P
#`P
#`[8F%C



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





M








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M9VXZ;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;'-P86X]


#`P



M



P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;W1T;VTZ





M





M/3-$

M9F9E8W0@;V8@17AC:&%N9V4@4F%T92!#:&%N9V4@;VX@0V%S:#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




#`P



#`P
M



M;W`Z



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R






3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M



P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXY-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




@870@16YD

T0G=F5R=&EC


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O



P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
M




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P



M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXW,38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




34R
V8S7V(R
C9?





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@





M




38P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

3X\

E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

G!X


M


M8V4F(S$V





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D-H87)G960F(S$V



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*$1E9'5C=&EO;G

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





3!P=#L^06QL


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T








B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXS
3PO9F]N=#X\

M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X


M










T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C`Q


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR






M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXW.#PO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M



'!T.SXF(S@R


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P




M/3-$

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P







34R
V8S7V(R




]
T1R



M960@4')O9'5C='



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(Y



]
T1R;SX-

\






2PP




]



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



M97


^
3(@36]N=&AS


2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]





]


@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/C$T+C


2XW/'-P


]

]

]




]










T1T;W`^4F5M86EN


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C









]
T1N=6UP/C4U
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W

]


]
M




]




]


\



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C
M-#(Y-&9A



M(&-O;G1E;G0]




]

30L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(Y


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]


3



]



#`P+#`P


M



\+W1D



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#`P
M


]






@



]







]
M





]
M






]
T1P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C0Y-BPP
#`L



]



#`L


L
#`P+#`P






]


]

]





]
T1T97AT






]


]





]




]






]

]
T1N



]




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]
T1P




]







]








]




]

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M
T1T;W`^5F]T97




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!$:79I9&5N
M9'


]




]


]



]



]
T1T





]


]
M



]





]






]
T1N=6UP/C$V-BPP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


M


M+!P;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]


3$S+#`P

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`P+#`P


#`L
#`P/'-P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0G5I;&1I;F=S($%N9!


]
M




]

]
T1T



M:6UA=&5D(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG







M(%!O;&EC:65S(%M


]


]




]




]




]

]






]




]




]

]





]





]



]




]

]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&%N9!);7!R;W9E
M;65N='
@86YD($]T:&5R(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO

]



]
T1R93X-

]








M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y3



M9VX]

]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1R


]










]



]

]
T1N



]



]
T1R;SX-


]







]






]




]



]

]



M-#`N


M=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#`Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



@




]


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#




M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S-#QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8X

M







]




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4R2T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]

C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

#$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T

]


]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
M
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T




M:78]

]
M






M
CDL(#(P




]



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C4L



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@






M9VX]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P



T1T;W`^





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]





]


]




]









]





]




60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T
M-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;&P@06YD($]T:&5R($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(A';V]D=VEL;!!8W1I

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S



C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




]





]
T1N=6T^



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

2PY










]










]







]







T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@









]











]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL(&=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PQ
C








]

]






]


]


]




]



]

]
M




]



]


M;7`^



]








]

]

M


M


]



]





T1T;W`^


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R




M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]

M;FET92U

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




T1T



86YD(%5S
M92!2:6=H='


T1T;W`^


]



M='

CD\

34R
M
V8S7V(R






]

T1)1#!%6E-!



I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


C@L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



T1T

\


]




]
T1N


]







]




L(#(P
3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO

]


M;FET92U

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]



]




]


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T
M-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V14%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


@*$]T

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


T1T;W`^/'-T





]




C8W

M



M

]


C-F
U]B
C(V
M7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T

M



]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






M86QI9VX]

]








]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C
N

M3F]T97
@1'5E($]C=&]B97(@
34L(#(P
3
@*#(P
3
@3F]T97
I(%M-96UB


]
T1R



]


\

]


]
T1R

]
M


]
T1P



]



]
T1T



]


]


]
T1R



]



]
M




]





T1T;W`^-XU,4@4V5N
M:6]R($YO=&5S($1U92!*=6YE(#(P
C(@*#(P
C(@3F]T97
I(%M-96UB97)=


]
T1R93X-



]

\+W1D





]




T1T;W`^-RXP


]



]
T1T



]


]


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1A=&5D(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]



@
M9'5E($]C=&]B97(@
C`S





]



60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R
M-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


I


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#$U

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.P@
C`Q


M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C`Q
R!;

#$S/&)R/C
N

M960@3F]T97
@1'5E($]C=&]B97(@
34L(#(P
3


M87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

#$S(%M-


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^
RXR-24@

]



M(%5P9&%T92`R
#$P+3$Q(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^



M
BP@
C`Q

#$V($YO=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E!R:6]R(%1O($-R

#$R/&)R/C(P
38@3F]T
M97


C`Q

M96YI;W(@3F]T97
@1'5E($IU;F4@
C`R
B`H
C`R


@1'5E($]C=&]B97(@
C`S
R!;365M8F5R73QB

#$S

#
S

C@L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X
M+`R,#$S/&)R/D)I;&%T97)A;!






]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/DUA='5R:71I97

#`L



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


BPP
#`L



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


#`P+#`P



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/DUA='5R:71I97
@;V8@9&5B=!I;B`R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



2PP
#`L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T




]





]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T-BPP
#`L








]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P



]



]



]
T1T




]






]

M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4L(&5F9F5C=&EV92!P97)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M;B!O9B!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('-T86YD87)D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]
M


#`L




]





]


]
T1T




]


65A<G



]




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
V+#`P


]



]







]


]
T1T




]





]





]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



M




]





]




]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


#`L



]



]


]





]





]





]






]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P)3QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]





]





]









]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]
M




]





]





]


@87)E($5X97)C:7-E

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
M




]





#`L
#`P


]
T1T




]





]



M(%-E8W5R:71I97

]
M





]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]



]



]
T1T97AT




]


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#`P+#`P
M






]





]



]



]
T1R


]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M

]
M




]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M.2PP
#`L



]



M;&8@3W!P;W)T=6YI='D@6F]N92!T87@M97AE;7!T(&)O;F1S/]T9#X-B`@




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]
M





]
T1T




]





]





]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14U/04


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^4W1A=&4\



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG

]
T1N=6T^*#$I/'-P86X^








BD\






U


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
M,U\X9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

M='
O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



^
3(@


]




]




M-2XP







]
T1N=6T^
M*#$N


]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#
N
C`E*3QS

]
T1N
M=6T^*#(N


]




]
T1N=6UP/C`N






]

M
BXV


2XV


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
M
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T




M:78]

]
M


M;F-O;64@5&%X97
!!<W-E='
@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S*2`H


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]






]






M3&EA8FEL:71I97

]

L($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S



]




T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@5&%X($%S



]


]


]



M97
L($%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


]





]






]





]





]

L(%9A;'5A=&EO

]
T1N=6T^

]








]



]


M
C`Q


M
#$L(#(P






]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@











]


]
T1N=6T^*#DI/'-P

M961U8W1I;VYS(')E;&%T960@=&\@97AP:7)A=&EO;G


]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


60Q-3(S
M9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5(2$%'

M/3-$




]

C`Q


#$L(#(P



]



]
T1P

]




T1T;W`^


]



M;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

M




M(&)E9F]R92!);F-O;64@5&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/C




]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C(S



]

M8F5N969I='




]


]


]
T1R


]



]




T1T;W`^
M1F]R96EG;B!#;W5N=')Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]







]




]






]




M9F]R=V%R9'


60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R





^+RH@1&\@


$5$





M97)=+!54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]

C`Q


CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]



]
T1R


M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]


]



]
T1R






]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
M
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T




M97%U:78]


]





@06YD($1I;'5T960I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


]

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#`Q


@86YD($1I;'5T960@


]





]




]




]




]

]
M



]





]


]
T1R;W4^

C8Q/'-P

C4S

M

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^








M;FEN9W

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^
M0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@
C`Q


]





]





]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C



]



\+W1D



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XY.#QS

]












M







]





]



@86YD($1I;'5T960@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]




]
T1T



]


]



]





]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M









]




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y




M9G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]










M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M


]



]


@9&EV:61E;F1S.CPO

]




]




]


]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]





]








]
T1R








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XT


M9VX]



]




T1T;W`^/'-T



]





]



@4&5R(%-H87)E

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F
M-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970W
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4&5R


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD



]


]




T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F
M(&-L87-S97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDP



]


@4&5R(%-H87)E+!

]


]






]




T1T;W`^56YD:7-T




]






]


60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R






^+RH@1&\@


$5$









#$S/&)R/F)U/&)R

CDL(#(P
3(\


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]


]
T1R93X-

#`L

3(L
#`P+#`P


]


T1T



]



M($YO;FUO;F5T87)Y($YO=&EO;F%L($%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!#=7)R96YC

]







]
T1N=6UP
M/B`V

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R





^


M1$E$






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#`Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]
M



I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@3T-)(&]N($1E

Q

]



M


]




]


I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@3T-)(&]N





]
T1T




]






]





]
T1R


]



]


]











M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
M




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@





CDL(#(P





M=F%T:79E(%M



]





S(L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5A;B!(;V=S(AI;B!P;W5N9'
I


]



]

M;7`^
S@T+#`P

60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?
M.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
M
34R
V8S7V(R


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]





\+W1D/@T*


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
M

O4VAE970W-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M=')U;65N='
@*$%G9W)E9V%T92!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!.;W1I;VYA;'
@4F5L









]


T1T;W`^4V]Y($UE86P@*&EN('1O;G



]


]

C`T+#8P
#QS


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
T1P



]

3$L
#`P+#`P


M





:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]
T1N=6UP/C8X+#`P
M


]


]

]
T1T97AT












]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92P@3F]T:6]N86P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-



M+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F+U=O



T0G



M26YS=')U;65N='


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD



]


]

]
T1T



]






T1T;W`^



]
T1R;SX-

]



]

]

M(&]F(%-A;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]










]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V
M7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13




]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(Y






M='



]


T1T



]









M86QI9VX]


]



]


]

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT




]









]

]
M







]


]
T1T97AT





T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV



]


]



M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A
M=&EV92!


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A
M7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970X



M/3-$240P135-04




T1T



T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!L96YG


]


M9VX]


]

]



]
M

M86QI9VX]



M(%M

M86QI9VX]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
M
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M='`M97%U:78]

]




]

]
T1R93X-





]
T1N



M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($UE


]
M





]
M





]


]




]
T1R

S$X/'-P

S$S




]
T1R


T1T


M86QI9VX]



]


]
M





T1T;W`^079A:6QA





SQS




]

L($QI


#QS

]

]
T1N




]



M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97




]



L





]

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^




]








M='







T1T;W`^1F]R



]


]





T1T


]








]




]




]




]






M:71I97






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-


]

L($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$P

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#`I/'-P86X^


L(%)E

]
T1T



]





]

M='D@1&5R:79A=&EV97
L($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M



]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S

M(%M


]





]



]



B!;

]



]
T1T









M1&YU;7`^





@


@6TQI


M9VX]

]

M=&EV97
L($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]







]












]

M:71I97


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y3






M9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M86QI9VX]

M;G




]


]



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]






]




34R
V8S7V(R







]






M86X]

#$S

CDL(#(P
M


]
T1T97AT



M26YV97-T;65N='





]





]







T1T;W`^56YR

M1&YU;7`^

]







]




]





]

]
M




M8FEL:71I97




]

]




]






T1T



]







]

]
T1N=6UP



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^

]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]




@

M86QI9VX]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


@


]




@6TQI


M9VX]


]



M4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG





M9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M=7)E;65N='

M(%9A;'5E($]F($1E8G0I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI








]



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F

O4VAE970X-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@1F%I


I(A5
M4T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



C@L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]


]



]
T1T





]



]
T1T97AT



]



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X



]
M

CDL(#(P

]

]
T1N=6T^*#@L

]


]
T1R93X-


]

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

RPY
3(L

M97(@
CDL(#(P


]







]


T1T;W`^5V5I



C`Q
SPO=&0^




]

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




M






]

#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M/3-$240P14M*04


M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

]




]


]






]



M-BXV



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N

2XP


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P



]





L

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]


T1T;W`^4F5S
M=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






]









#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

W



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X-2PX
#0\



]

C$L



]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
S8X



]

]

M



]



W




]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0M1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E(%!E






]






M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

34R
V8S
M7V(R







]

T1)1#!%3$-!13X-



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD






]

M97

C`Q


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(%-H87)E


@+2!697-T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


@


]

C`Q







]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

M/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($-O;G1R86-T=6%L

]



C-F
M
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(Y


]




]
M

S4L
S8U+#0P




]




]




]



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30\




M9VX]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L-#`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP




T1T;W`^








]









]
T1P

]













]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G


]






]






]


]




]







]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5L871E9!T87@@8F5N969I=#PO

]




]


M:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]

@=F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



#`L







]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@






M;7`^












]



]

@=F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]







]







M(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]




M87)D(%M


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(P



'0O:'1M;#L@


]




]
M

C`Q


#$L(#(P



]





]


T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]




]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M

]







]
T1N=6T^*#DI/'-P



]

]
T1N=6T^


M9VX]


]








]




]
T1N=6UP/C




]

]


]

]
T1N



]









]


]




]



]


]



]
T1N









]
T1N=6UP/C




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P









]



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT


]



]











T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*









T1T;W`^3W1H97(@
M4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='











]



#QS

]

M







]



]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#4I




]



]

]



]

]



]

M;7`^



]




3QS


]

]
T1N=6T^





]







'0O:'1M



]


M0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='
I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]











]




]




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!096YS:6]N
M($)E;F5F:71S(%M-96UB97)=('P@3F]N+5%U86QI9FEE9!;365M8F5R73PO

]







]



T1T;W`^56YR96-O9VYI


]




]











]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#


]


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F
M-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R

M971S+U-H965T.3

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$501T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M





#$S

CDL(#(P
M




]

]
M










]

]







M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N

]
T1N




34R
V8S7V(R







]





]



]













T1T;W`^



]

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]





]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@


3QS


]



M

M(%M


]







]
T1N=6UP/C



]



#QS

]





]
T1N=6UP/C
\


M



]





]
T1T






]





]

#QS


]




]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F+U=O

O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]





C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


]





]


]




M=7)N(&]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]




M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]





M;G

R4\


]


]
T1N=6UP/C

RXU


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@
M4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='





M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]





]
M

]






]


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X


]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A
M=&EO;G




]

]
T1T





]
T1P



]





M9'




M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-T=6%L(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
@+2!&:7AE

M1&YU;7`^-SDN






]











]


]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C`N-#`E/'-P86X^


]



@6TUE;6)E





T1T;W`^
M06-T=6%L(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G


RXU

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4N


]
T1P




]










T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T(%!L
M86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
M

O4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


C`Q






]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4\





M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


]



T1T;W`^3&5V
M96P@

]
T1T97AT






T1T;W`^

:6YE

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T

]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



T1T





M9VX]

]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]


M='




]



]

M96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]

]




]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E4N4RX@4W1O8VL@1G5N9'



]


]



]


]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!B96YE





]

]
M





]


M:6]N86P@4W1O8VL@1G5N9'






]
T1N=6UP



M96P@

]
T1T97AT





]
T1R:#X-





M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]


M9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET







T1T;W`^1&5F

]
T1N=6UP/C






M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^1VQO8F%L(%)E86P@17-T871E($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@
M3&5V96P@

]
T1T






]
T1R

@6TUE;6)E





T1T;W`^


]



]














]
M








M9VX]

]


]




M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]








]


]
T1R




]






]
T1N=6UP/C`\





]



]




]


]


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]

\+W1D/@T*



T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE(%-E
M8W5R:71I97


]
T1R;SX-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]





]



T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE(%-E8W5R:71I97
@



]

]




]




]


]
T1R




]


M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M



]



T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='



]


]
M



]




M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?
M.&1C-#(Y-&9A


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


C@L(#(P
3
\



]
M














M;3XH


\+W1D


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
R!;
M365M8F5R72!\($%L=&5R;F%T:79E($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@





]


]



M97


M9B!


M

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US


T1T;W`^





]

]
T1N



]

@
M:6X@86YD+V]R(&]U=!O9B!,979E;`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









]




C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M



T1T;W`^

#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





#$Y+3(P
C


M;&EF:65D(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




M



#$X/]T9#X-B`@

#$Y+3(P
C




]


]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.2TR,#(S/]T9#X-


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?
M8F8W,U\X9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$50
D))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

]

]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

M(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S


]
T1R93X-







]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



M9VX]

]


]
T1R93X-

]



]







M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]


M('P@1FEX960@06YN=6%L(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

]



]

]









M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]



M96YS:6]N($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



]




M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]






]






T1T;W`^17AP




]







]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO



@6TUE;6)E




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US

]




B!M;VYT:'




]
T1N=6UP/C@U/'-P



]






]




]
T1R93X-

M;7`^






M1&YU;7`^


]




]







]





]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N=')I8G5T;W)Y(%M$;VUA:6Y=('P@56YF=6YD960@



]







T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&1E

M1&YU;7`^

]



]








M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?
M8F8W,U\X9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4V1T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$









]








M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


M=F4@861J=7-T;65N='

]
T1N

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I

#@I



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
M
U\X9&
T

BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I(A#;VUP;VYE;G1S($]F($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE
M;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A
;W-S*2D@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO



]
T1R




]
M


]





]
M


]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@0V]M


]
T1N
M=6T^*#

M86QI9VX]

I






]
T1N=6UP/C$P

M

M=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($YE=!'86EN(A








]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V/'-P86X^

C4I/'-P




]

]
T1P



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T



]
T1T






]









]
T1N=6T^*#(I

M


]




]





]
T1R93X-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





]



]



]


]

M;G

]
T1N=6T^

M;7`^


]
T1T







]




]
T1N=6UP/C`\


]









]

;W-S*2P@8F5F







]
T1R












]


]
M



]



]

M;V8@5&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


T1T;W`^
M06-C=6UU;&%T960@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86YS($%D:G5S=&UE;G0@


T1T;W`^

;W-S(%M
:6YE

]
T1T





]



;W-S*2P@3F5T(&]F

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0I



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
M
U\X9&
T

RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y$96

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

C`Q
M

M

#$L
M(#(P




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97



]

M














]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C@Y



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q


]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C0S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-


]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]
M




]


]





]







]



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M+#

M86QI9VX]


]







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^





]





]




]



]




]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
M




]





]



]





]
T1T





]



]




M='

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

BPV
M




]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C

BPV



]
M




]






]



]



]






]




T1T;W`^4V%L97
\+W1D



]




]
T1N=6UP





]





]
T1R93X-


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C

M;7`^



]









]




]

M='


]




]



]
T1R93X-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]




]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^
RPS


;W-S

]



]


#$\





]
M




]





]






]



]
T1N=6UP/CDT
M

]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C@W/'-P



]


]




]



]
T1R;SX-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]




]
T1T











]




]
M


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]



]

2PU



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1R



]





]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

2PP



T1T;W`^26YT97)S96=M96YT($5L:6UI;F%T:6]N(%M-96UB

]
M




]



]




]





]



]

]




]



C$Q/'-P86X^

C@V/'-P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]

]
T1T




]






]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P-68O5V]R


T0G



M*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]

C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M4V5G;65N='
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



]





]



]




]



]
T1R93X-



3QS





]






R+#`S



]



]



]





]
T1T



M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C8L





]





T1T;W`^


]




]



]
T1R;SX-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]



]


]


]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

L($EN8RX@6TUE;6)E


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




:6YE

]
T1T




]




]

]



]


3
N
#`E/'-P

3
N

M;7`^
3
N




M;FET960@4W1A=&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]






]




]



]
T1T




]


]


]




]





]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^
M4V%L97

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1T




]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]



]
T1N=6T^*#DX

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$P


]





]








]



]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(Q


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YT97)S96=M96YT(%-A;&5S(%M-96UB97)=('P@4&]R:R!;

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]





]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



]



]





]




]



]
T1R93X-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]




]








;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
M






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

]








]




60Q-3(S9C-?
M8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O4VAE970Q
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








]

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$L(#(P
3$\8G(^








#$Q




#$R/&)R/DIO:&X@








C@L(#(P
M
3

M87-T97=A=&5R(%!L86YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C@L(#(P
3


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^5'ES




]



]



]




]
M




]




]




]
T1T97AT



]
M




]






]

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1T



]
T1T97AT



M1&YU;7`^
30N



]





]




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]




]


M/E-H87)E(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

CQS

]
T1T97AT






]





]



60Q-3(S9C-?
M8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R





]



96%S97
I



]


#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




M
T1T;W`^
C`Q.2!A;F0@8F5Y;VYD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

S




]

M:60]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




T1T;W`^


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P



T1T
M;W`^

]
M








]

T1)


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD



]


]



]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

96%S92P@36%X:6UU;2!);FET

]
T1T


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT





]




]

]
M


]



@;V8@3W1H97)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@



]






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M86YT;W(@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M9R!


]




]


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T
CDT9F$P






]





M
2P@
C`Q

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#,Q+`R
#$S/&)R/D%C;W-T

C8L(#(P
3


#$S/&)R

C`L(#(P

M9'


#`U/&)R

M=FER;VYM96YT(&]F('1H92!3=&%T92!O9B!/:VQA:&]M82!;365M8F5R73QB


M;BX@
S`L(#(P



M:61I87)Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]




]








]
T1T



M86QI9VX]





]





]
T1T




]


]

]






]



L(&1A;6%G
M97
@86YD('!E;G1A;'1I97


]





T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;B!3

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/CDU


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M



]





]




]

]
M




]






]
T1T



#`L
#`P+#`P


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q9#$U,C-F,U]B,C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W,U\X
M9&,T,CDT9F$P-68-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A

O
M4VAE970Q

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\





]

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N


C`Q


C`Q


#$L(#(P




]



Q-3QS




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L


T1T;W`^















]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]

C4Y/'-P86X^

C0U/'-P

3`V

M

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^-S





S





]
T1N=6UP/C$W
M

]
T1N


]


]
T1P



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R





T1T;W`^3F5T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8\







]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
BXS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






]
T1N=6T^)`H,XP


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXQ
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P




]





]




]




]
T1N
M=6T^)`H,XP

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
#(I/'-P86X^

]
T1N=6T^
M)`H,XP

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N



T1T;W`^0F%S:6


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXR

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P




]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



\









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N,#$I/'-P86X^/]S


M



T1T;W`^0F%S:6

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@





]

M

M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/C$P+C4P)2!396YI;W(@3F]T97
@1'5E($UA

30@*#(P
30@3F]T97

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(X

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^3W1H



M9VX]


]
M




]



]
M




]

M

]
T1N





T1T;W`^07-S970@26UP86ER;65N=!#:&%R9V5S/]T9#X-




]
M


M87)T7S%D
34R
V8S7V(R






@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
2P@
C`Q


]


]
T1T97AT



]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]





M(#@L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L






]







]
T1N=6UP/C8X


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT





]
T1P


C




S`V/'-P86X^

C@T/'-P

2PS




]




]
T1T



]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



M

M/B@R


]


]



]



#QS



]





]





]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


]




]






M;F-O;64@9G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]












]




]
T1N=6UP/C(T

]
T1N


]











]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T
M($EN8V]M92!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@5'ES;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C(V



]







\






]





]
T1R;SX-

;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@3F]N




]


]




]





]


S





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]



T1T;W`^4V%L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]









]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP





]




]

]
M




]








]




]
M

]




]





]
T1T97AT



]
M






T1T;W`^3W1H97(L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





]








]


]
T1N=6T^*#8W


]
T1T




]
T1N=6T^*#4T






]


]



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE



]


]




M:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G

]
T1T







]





]






]



]
T1N=6UP/C4X









]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


]
T1N=6UP/C4X





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]






]
T1T97AT



]
M



]

]




]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/C8W

]
T1P


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]



]







]







]

]
T1T97AT



]
M




3@L



]



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M



]



]






34\





]




]





]
M




]



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$T



T1T;W`^

]




]
T1T



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M/B@T

M;G5M/B@Q


]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P



T1T;W`^

M;64@5&%X97

]







]




]
T1N=6UP/C$W


]
T1N=6UP/C(W
M



]




]










]




]






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^






]



]



]

]




]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^







]






]




]


M:79E($EN8V]M92!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@5'ES;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]










]
M




]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]


M




]


]





]


30L.3

30L

3


]

]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L








]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C8T



]





]

C4S/'-P86X^






]





M97AP96YS92P@;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T






]





]


]



]




]





]



]


]
T1T97AT



]
M



M;VYS(&)E9F]R92!);F-O;64@5&%X97


]






]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R


]


]




]
T1T









]


]







]



]
T1N=6T^*#$W*3QS




]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C(Q



]




]




]
T1T






]
T1T97AT




]




]



]




]
M




]




]





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0R


]
T1R93X-

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M
2PT

M1&YU;3XH


2PR


]



]





]


]


]



]

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]




]





]




]



]



]
T1T97AT



]
M





]


]



]




]
T1T




]






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C8R

]
M







]







]
T1T




]


M;G


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6T^
M*#0W


]
T1T97AT



]
M






]






@




]








]







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]








]
T1T97AT



]
M



]

]




]
T1N


]


]


60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C
M-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
M
V8S7V(R

M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]





]





]








]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


]


]



]




]
M



]




M


M
2PY







]




]
T1N=6UP/C0X


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]












]



]






2PQ



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^







T1T;W`^3&]N9RU497)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*




T1T;W`^1&5F97)R






]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C4V



]


M-BPR




]
T1N=6UP/C








T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD(%-H








]


]



]

]





]


]





]





T1T;W`^26YV96YT
M;W)I97

]












]


]
T1N=6UP/C



]


]




]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@07-S971S/]T9#X-


]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#(U


]









T1T
M;W`^06-C;W5N='


]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C4L
S



]

]


]
T1R;SX-

M




]





M9VX]







G

]
M







]




]
T1T97AT



]




]


T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97

]
M






]



]

M='


T1T





]

]
T1N=6UP/C@X


]



]
T1T97AT




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U


BPP




T1T;W`^5&]T


]
M



@86YD(%-H87)E:&]L9&5R

]
M





]


]
M




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M

]
T1T


]




]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M







]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C



]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C



]









]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
T1N=6UP/CDR

]
T1T




]







]
T1N
M=6UP/C



]


]




]
M







]






]





M;7`^


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]


@86YD


]



]





T1T;W`^




]



]
T1T97AT






]
T1P




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL
M:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y-#QS




]





]


]
T1R974^





]

]
T1T97AT





]




]





T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='


M1&YU;7`^






]
T1N=6T^*#0Q


]
T1R;W4^#0H@


]
T1N=6T^


M9VX]









T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L


]



]
T1N
M=6T^*#$L


30L


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
M


]
M


]



]


]








]


]
T1T97AT





]
T1N=6T^*#$L


\+W1D


]


:6%B

]
T1T97AT






]

]
M



]

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]



60Q
M-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?.&1C-#(Y-&9A
#5F#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%D
34R
V8S7V(R



T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]


T1T;W`^


M;VYS(%M


]



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PS






M;W=S($9R;VT@26YV97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97



]



]
T1N=6T^*#8Y







]

]



#QS

]

SD\

M


M


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-#0I/'-P86X^





T1T;W`^3F5T
M(&-H86YG92!I;B!D96)T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@R


C



M;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^


M9VX]

M;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
30I/'-P86X^

C8T*3QS


]

M

]
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@














]
T1R

]




]







@870@16YD(&]F(%EE87(\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R

]
T1T97AT



]






]
T1N=6UP/C
Q


]



]


]









]








]



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1N



]



]



]


]


]



]
M

]
M



]



]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C$X/'-P86X^


T1T;W`^


]


]
T1R974^#0H@


]


]

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN8W)E87-E(A$96-R96%S92D@:6X@0V%S:!A;F0@0V%S

M


M;3XH


@870@0F5G:6YN:6YG


T1T;W`^





M=6%R86YT;W)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]



]




]












]





]
M





]






]


M(%5S960@9F]R($EN=F5S=&EN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C







]














]









]


]
T1N=6T^*#


M($9I;F%N8VEN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@R




]

M($-H86YG92!O;B!#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R







]
M

]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]








]




]





]
T1N
M=6T^*#0T




]
M





@

]
T1N=6UP/C`\

M

]






]
T1N=6UP/C


M9!F;W(@26YV97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]





]




]




T1T;W`^4'5R


]





]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]






T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C$\

M

]

]


]


M960@9F]R($9I;F%N8VEN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C





]
M
T1N=6UP/C


@870@



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L






M1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='

:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(P*3QS

]




]










]




]
T1P




]





]



]








]

@;V8@5'ES



T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]



]



]




]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$S/'-P

3`\

M

]

]









M=6EV86QE;G1S(&%T($)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!996%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1R97!O








C-F
U]B
M
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X9&
T





]


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD



]


]

]
T1T



]






T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!





]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]




]

S




]









]


M960@=&\@0V]S='




]

]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X*3QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0F%L86YC92!A=!%;F0@;V8@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC92!O;B!$969E


]


M($%L;&]W86YC97


]




]



]
M


]




]
T1P


]
T1N=6T^*#






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q9#$U
C-F
U]B
C(V7S0W-6%?8F8W
U\X
M9&
T



M9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N:'1M

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V

T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970X,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Y,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DU+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,3`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
M
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T

60Q-3(S9C-?8C(R-E\T-S5A7V)F-S-?
0.&1C-#(Y-&9A

 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCondensedCashFlowStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AmountRequiredToCompleteConstructionOfBuildingsAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeAmountsAttributableToReportingEntityDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromDiscontinuedOperationAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromDiscontinuedOperationAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCashAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetIncomeLossPerShareFromDiscontinuedOperationAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCashAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralDiscussionOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralDiscussionOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ScheduleOfActualAndTargetAssetAllocationForPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNonmonetaryNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ChecksOutstandingInExcessOfRelatedBookCashBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NumberOfClassesOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CashDividendsAllowableToHoldersOfClassBCommonStockWithoutSimultaneousPaymentToHoldersOfClassCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_PercentageOfPerShareCashDividendPaidToHoldersOfClassBCommonStockThatCannotExceedPaidToHoldersOfClassStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedAnticipatedTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_RelatedPartyVotingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CommonStockVoteEntitlementPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_RelatedPartyOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CommonStockVoteEntitlementPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_RelatedPartyOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityConsolidatedCarryingAmountAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_VariableInterestEntityConsolidatedCarryingAmountPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityConsolidatedCarryingAmountLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_VariableInterestEntityConsolidatedCarryingAmountLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSundryLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ScheduleOfFairValueAndCarryingValueOfDebtTableTextBlock'





]HG=7(;=81#+_7_#]0/9O+2!OKEL.^ZP\OC8_WQ!PG6


PQ?@%5?Q?

M48^08?1*E\B.R3Q\D%

Z&
RVJ5O?)5:)J=5N_





==OA[^


MB(1E)Q+B'


M$J%G]?E@2)B_@XSDE`_!&(.A^Q^Z0RQHQ]


(MTG'@67C2
MK3&[K:?.G!_FX3
HVVF_$.&;Y^7%=IKIP_T1$[9?Y1SAXNX+?LE[^`]%N9`H




)@9@-GCH;Y1V3C_9/.;41;;=8
MG]EBFF?8#4'.@/Q*A)T9OC0'0X?[`
:4K:$V8LG!2Q8S1F5J.1&4Q4!1RNQR
M

YJQG9CG^I


*C.@LB
[X\:UZ6836


M'==WRUP!X`71Y5K1*YXOZ^L0*VAG[1_N*1J^CIQ@KB?`/HFAIIMFPA^Q$GL
MJS[ZA]#+HES([@WU`&^'
_6GE!IS&VG'MCA9EG.$K'A@'95SSEZ4F[ZWL=P
M83RU7


M2CH.?]5G&62-V6V0(-1P.7./;Y3JFHLK[G7





PN
M*N*RZ/1.B^)1\

M?ILPFS@_S

MW.R2%W-IHB

\08*9E'!H%I6HA:4
M2OFE$AV

X#ZE*0S9&^Z@ML'0A-SW=XK@&AU1V?:7\$8?:4
MU?W\#8$8I89=3;*.R8?[9]R:B,Z1;L^L\4TS[`;@IP!6=^FQF^-`=#A_L`

&O(8G73[0





MXX]M:M%Q?;?

L@^_UD9KD1\QTTT3H7K?[<4V5:(

M-TXS56
-ATBI
-%7NV0W?3+SN%9NM4PW5]C@3+?76B23-GEJ`^B$S1'^@O#G

_




MGVKA:JERMLWX8

A-6CDVKB





*2^<[TP-:
/5$BQ222

MRRMD0!W%(.._=5\TH87;I&.`\_D_H$2ILPFS@_S




M4=XQ^6C_E%
;4;CQ]9DMIGF&W1#D#
BO1-B9D7QS
'2X#V!
V1J6/V+%1#$3






.^:VMS$MR.0NI!T-0?8:@\J$E?XH:AI6F#BL[

W5JO0Y!N$)



*G
M9_67J






X%RHL:\+]RQ.^H[VL+X0\3;Q+-*N(8
M^Y3


?RU




.=SF+.X1P%R!:ICYP7ZJ-*


QUL08P2Z`7K6@5U&3WS`2






MA!M(



MVW`KGL19MS7&?D
D/_2
MY




AI0

M]R9BGLC7;P61BH4&AU'H1
MPT!/V


F[33B2`;!\DFXC8


S!!;Q)M[-N%_UIV/AT.4





MOV$4B#O.ZVG'A6N=R(W'AYPE]#Q:N!VO.I2YPH?\1TR8QX\:WU#=+V:G`K

OR<9]7RM_\A7[_Q/.[ZA9/.`</(0=P@]!S''_S[G@R(6K4O2AJ\/

M4EV)RM
%ZD/4H3[$96@D_2[]`TWP;S1DJAUMM1Z;9MJ4=(1CLS6KEJT@GR4]
056
M;5=0
F07S;I7[(I\*BFS?7V!/K('YM[=EZ4DGX`5N`7*[^-I$\[9KS&5DN+Y#

M!&X=!99?/_!?B






M
1M3-A/;I%&EZ9H&`-)

E7F1-_Q/SA?T-O\`33!S]@CE'WW?)&P







N]:&#698$3
$PI^`\





C^



M1SY9^ER+^%`B?W
)$MW
%B$2^EQXWW^.15A%0C2
Q_5F0:F




M28.LJ&U7^Q


DT

MD8\SNT-1IL4C8L'BA2'/1]&Q&^YW9K])(XEQ:V1&DF\\S



U3

ML!]$NT]^L+[;^X0GV1MUHH!G/
HA-_)P5H5

M.FT:

GEV3NEJD;EV(DOY0C&?L+NZ$\I7=Z@#96Y

M`-7WI/KA:2)`[8]3.RI_@P
^RO#5J
ZP0X)
B&JSL!)):CUOO%%/;D:E;_80
M/3GB7BI[BXF1B2]YSNNB9=3(!':V2M]




MJ\;1\4`N-E[!

75LO?JUHV3Z2&*
MK)B9

8V.=NF\$?
QI3-1
)WG(W32'5OD;)MRG[?L('33B0H$MJBZ4L;F*
MUI`;LQKCX([:^=N)+/(3.W$YFLU]DKIJ?IO
F6O
M@L-5AY0S7N0.[3G?7

?T9


MC37I?%B



?EG;^PX)_5F[1YA)87!YP<
9H!#2]!DW7DN(=+H/.6V+(#L/V8O%


G5=42T]%^(&RZZI96_7+1AVK0T;
MS+`B9@B$/P'ADY.HYD][BKRH5DQ1E!3R):YH3:4J@AP*V`XYN;F#15;$(H'P







M(!F:FA
`F^][DZ!A.^6P)=W._6/8J#V``
W:587MR[V4WJB]1MC42_4J[F03






%Z?C\9+.+30)R(IY#D68;7=K6$\
MKCGURF1




2Y]70T)\&R


NBNBY]%_7'

MQXM8QH$A

3[Z(!XYJ^34L


^YJC2C2!KY1-(0SW9#!W_)

IM0(Q4MS8V'639_[V
MJ?

ORS_BCB.73+PO0IA
MIUCZE\.'(=$5OKX??KIA]#W^6TJ?_6O@K/YDA2U$??G;IX'RWVLMK%HN;&WU


MS7)`/`;)0E




[1&B6@=V5#
G&B=*PB67M]D


MV/FJR-DV(7M=M=LU^_VN*EM*=Z`;1D=)C

M3)=$IP5%GO@.*?6!J1C#GCQ0K)[54=2.WDVD'
C6T


MU@T^X.?

XG;&/R)AZ[Q\$QT[
Q4/2!85F6
M9O%NFT-SJ`V2_NJ*HA5-SUN'^J+.?*#;90Z0KJH=2355A5N)QD'N2V;B``VL




M4)4#4^^)V6RH&#T^AX]ZII&HTNP
A]W\O'UM
3]JFYJA\8EKI.BZ/M*&FCFT




Z?PR50'&TG%+
M4C6M(W/X1D/N-ZO=OF4E

M`\:'5185OA=CJ'\4@)(UY-;IZ]TS='(42=K^-C`%6^D+1R
WWW6.
]5IKK
M0E=FPD-%4=6^:G2E?F\PTA1=T[08NJ$YZ'=S*V]%J0-TRTLR(D_-7KQPW]%W
MXV+5'YM(N:^L\5%/

MI-%@I.KZP!SV.EUCT$F&
[[
E_-3:;_
*;TJ1D?);VF:HLJF)@V[_;XV&G3Z
MYC*T






M&:%H:14-G3*
'RGQ@I=W:O'QYQ$SFS^`)C@CQ#/V&7?/5^LU;!S+^K+&B%^
ML`/*?\,BXP!CCS?P,J6AS_OW9J7*6'BTQTQ*JO'?2ZM
^RKLB7K5J_#)XS$
MGU#
KI;S7


M_%WDS(C'.\*BQ7


`S[
^Q&
ZPN_A+


:@(&1^30KL)?[A%!C(0[
S&!HCV;!4
@J8LCG01I;<[5F=88\OVH<I!52^E
]M





_[$?T1;%#:R-F=%\D1VTQ/[YKN-ALF4I%A]O=*G?[:B6


TWB_EZ`BH_H=FNN/&\PY`P_5+S?*4XN:$Z-4#[
EH\-N]LW6**HBT

M@A$\0@W46

W^L]
MX[0U;HCQFB'0GM+*`[J2(*^##H@'%#?,,T\-O^S*]M9%PM=L`NJI^`_#,O2G
M]TQQ^#='&DO'33-PZ6/IF!:6V9H)S4ZQO+DQ(\$$D\%J@;BA7%!ED&?SH5K

M:^:LVW#07=LWWOQ/'0[(V:,C+-KTC:EBL=T-8F'$G%-GM@TU(4D$\$92&8

-KF&'/


2((N1/
8^4@X01ORB2P

MAW(.N9.17


M4`QWUU.=.@%`@K5

M
+2#]%R'IHZKLSQO433-M]\C3^2U6+`540P!AJ8Q7;=4-A7'P6W3EH.F:LT.

M)198(V''BGC(XH7ORWG
\/5D:*?C6&6@*L9=KUUXJ&J9UHQ@+P@D.SG$*H&0


Q


QN
E1VP[:CJ%[-6QN!]59++%0QIK
T3I-
?BM'-X7




9(V*;2)JUK7[R#OL1XV8T7(;J7.M7?8

M;MV


M?

M/




FN











MD^PGV4^RGW[J)]E/LI]D/_U

Y3O)#B0(2!20*2!20

MX
0`U^5\_/383'X[;B:GD^&\222:?7N+X-!61X=?8[S#G9:G=7'[SF'.+A

G^%8


M^TGVD^PGV4^RGU[I)]E/LI]D/\E^GD4_&VQBNG;Z$FF=OM3G34Y=ZMI.3T^G
MD\4R@WH/TR]%5163^6



MXZ4RW^^AO?H[*&[0?%^^^JK^V=ERX]NR*1]'I^4L^[[\E/TT/2TF?\]NT^:Z
ML?E/H^'\Y!VE#^G`ZZ;W\(L?/3WP&%
:CR;EVY.RME1
T%]OVL0U_*LHYI/`



S\NW

HS:%$VF@`
BH@\
MT

_







8]BVPKY=.


#W2$'94A;):0G%C')


M8ZDY`Q]M81EPN0FXH@I0S8D9RU$?6
O;=6ZOEL\FL=BP0(4TZ^*XOY;'\R





DV1DP['7]G=UGK]Y13_




MW91=S1!-T5$
4Y4]W_$-M9)VV7;

*IJ1






_@]$V*2


MGAPSUBEJ:#1*RQ;[*`\F`HKT

2$2YA-

\)$13
*22YNO+F'7


M\;W[Q'@&Y
W(Z`8$*
]+







$L3I\D\RGI(/891\3//\.G7(%S**P8-$DXB

MF?$$8CEP`:/BD=!-\457\1W5E!Q+


:D;15C:BOAO7T)@
OP
O7P+]3


F7$1%
MB(DTXZXD[H?/HR_(IU^[9D+W-'=O;B2ILTYTI[*/AW;\_4FYMP%OR@;(1F\#


M`4&?S].$?FQO`W/DM1KPCA3X?B#ZGF@KOFS[=2UAU?7LC6H50!AGVR__DN4S


ML;
Z`4:^U]IR*/N68F'Y=CTP)=64L30DXZ2CZ5Z[DDX^T'S?_D7JS;W`^?
MSH$-=H(&10QEC^A%8`XX*9*

M=[:.O;HC6HX&?_=E1S1
*U`DP[%$#I\SX;?@K16




Y-IK`41JF2X=PJF65L[!N$#8O$Z@KHH5I:O;@+YQ_6$P&
M?RT7-X0LJ@\GX8B7BZ$24\._:2TE%MHD1[Z6^-QEYFG&9OS0L0CWDYYQYO
DXT\Q.Z

1D6

HM]KUBB4-'3HTJ.DZ
0A8BC?/PCN;T+%*8




MQT:.*)`T:Z^8P2%O.JLU$#_#5HR8ZGD;Y2RU%+0B3`1TP+A&V%K4(Y3_**&#
MM`?DPCDVI4F/+^T:EWYF(R$8NC&Q)'LS2EVHAH@PSEK#;Q=8YKOBE?V*&1


T1Q!N1C+62C4;1`CAS)GQM

MJY7CPEZPR\J7YC!:CHUGJ]:E=?%



T(!1Z?9_*K/:5S9$!2(=


MR=L*.=H`


/WW521:


QASG..8`@=8!S-V*N0

P;


M'2N)





^%3(NS(7C7HQP8SZU_/KL[`X)09W1R;
MKJ61@VM:E

4-X


UXF@LNFI3O

H%@6\2

M_H:`-L=G._W38'NZZ@-P6VR@@7`1KAJ5D)CJZ;_]`0J79G




M^6
Z!5%#DXC?AC@\@4E=L&AX5'EH3ESLO3
0])C*@^HJ1-@9-M-XE;`8N!7XTKBU3)XCN*@P@D!
M=UP79V+A
G74=7C
VP16(]31

MP1YO3(H8_?5S'.U430^5D\WK!3P
5.=/L`8;]E8RF
$%-;P#6YFCC:*'_1_7


C%DDPB9`'_
86#[Q36G1JW!*KOU?+^7N^MH[VMH2\*
LQ-T(9
MZ*(U


M[RHO$SA#O1OLW6`';IY!.8%T3G-2%R_F6O=





NM4V#T+W9$5.5N2;L2(Q4;S2@JS*
#_8D(0T%_P_




+)


MXF+R

MLZQ4KAWG^KTJ/H
TKB83UTD%(4=L%G&QRMZMO^;H''YE2[:_C5AR`OXU!(T1
M=4](W+N.JT_A?MFK





`
C:OV__Y_R&KT[CN_LS


MOF=_CRO5TDM_6UV-*J^$(P


W]KG]:[PM
M@Q;SH'$$@S




7?1?


M49T/&#EKX*HI1M^U%$`;#J_.HY

M\UE\.![V!^/H&%WW_;:%PU9;WZ-2C&:FM8;\0;%R=

'9=7-6BP6]]5
M$@F8:VN/EMWS3#S1I#_R?R4)3E6[5^4'8H&O

M


M=O=.X9XK5G&[L'$*X96#H:FFOWOJRZ^S467!Q*0+S^;T9L)14/WTNCX))?


&G0ER?K;)&LE)1Q+!__



56Y*TZ)UXMZ+Y]6`[HN7PP(5?:]2;
MV[$)!`%^$8MP]F#QZM[(N0#1FE\-/U8KV6J6(HTD7'Y)M(;'I0:;]/-P#H=6
MQQMS!U]RP

N
M^O7%U:WW0+K\.

M!:4S(P:'K!!:R:
X/7X&4NN%]FYN^J




H-)@]<Y-]PDFF





[0X)I*EE&J!`=499P(5
MP`KP;\XU*0X,B:_AB26RT499X*5MBR@G!E2FQQP2-/&)D7Y`XD!-H_$EO6
MG&TDD.$29TB1DDDPK!HXHXQ(Y$(8?(?FQ(^`Q-=(QQHD),]`0_`5(72N25%

M`8K53F#!J


M;5$P2[DQ'`LCIZ]E`HQUIL[&VMHN@1(5@3C$#
P51.
T$

MT[N
ZKXA(#N0!(ML#(%@LB4Y#DS*D$@A5#E'?'8\4P1A!
61AC5:&1-KE2




MMS0UU!2B0*7)2J6%)28Y+P;






MM'C+#(P*#5X;HXH3PI6VND`QC#6$B*X2%D@\-IU?R\!6(TL%E=J(S!CN?*E(
M




\%3#@2#3CL`R%ZF



M5)EA85)&JV1+
EK?$+8/LI$056






4FH#;


M7Q=GSW]Z]?;MBP?OI6A3H+:\NBKM$!C6?G:D'S1[-?TP#7
JP]CGJ[FI_H.A


MZ




MSUURY\7Y65V%9:.]S]62Y
X6(K1]0W\


!_'
M


MWLT$O




N'=00:MB!FFM00ZCA\VIX\!E:!-JQ










!QPW'#+L
N]RG-



MA=IUVBKV0H(`]UB)\8LW[Y%8+_2'P^H#8`)

4C
M-SCY;6!AO@(R02:_^0J_/0I


/O3_A[EZS?:

]V?H0=Y'3
2=9[;U//NOW\+_3;/7F

M345S)=T
3
GW+%GW1

(4N.#()TX%=A3.@(?7)
M@GQ(TUG^D10G#




MN+KSS



MP);2GE9
OF?;)



N%KI
C7)

^4T$1

M+VD?E]LYE/0XO



:]<CI?84%AN3$#8KP6WM:B#.5'UAF[V`;M@%^PV







MW5Z)CKY.#@`&P*T!K


''QS%P=DV_.-`P-(T?HL^



M-XB+H











6/+IGF3531_5'1Z(`_\B6P:BP,?U$TYJ
ML#1HK=0*V@`#3VG0=6P0P@:0
.F
$Q9DKEIZ@`%3VG@AWH0GHZEME;R^R


_VL1%0]E+%O4#-5$);F;/+#?/%31[-HC+
M<,?AJT!696['@%$YXYS@Y<%U8]4\\NE`-2`&E!W`.HFMIO'7A8'``/@U@!6



PR63(2/I&!5A:_#[XB#8O<!NP^#<):@#M2!



M


MNJ)N8'K83



M/%0J0PX\P3C!.

M

MH_S8J







M2$*R

W#`ER`


'@LS4`%L`Z'R17X(RP`)8`*O!!&(`!L``VK/
M1.%78WGH8+UR:['O
8YR:[&QP$;/N+G@-N%#E`)AYP&#@M0M4`$J:NY#XC;M
M@O\`*0



]1LJ!?

A((IC8+\!^P8FPR88

0-P.Z13


=^TG83QJ`
MWP5UH`[4@;J7EZH2OQK@V
8%B2`1_@_^#]3UA3KXOTZE


MJ;)J+&4.-@XV#C8.-JX#-DYJ*IT!-@XV#C8.-JX#-JZY1
P3Q#7DN!\
(`P@



PX,@ZZIF!R\-L*(6QZ.JX?W0HRTR7RAE(D\PQ53`:?




MG


M:JU-G\.


M^])#FEU723:+C&U)-6D^CVTE8)5JD3\H'^0'^@/]`?Z$\WY0/]:6Y6+8L]
MGU6'^9T0)E1)V`ORUR+Z&L9TFLUMK_'5^S[]/[O97(][4(ET*'M;\#.P`Z.Q


M




AQB;.`/1N3`MU+0`6P&H@\B`I(M`6DK!^=@`!@``VKQ]2)JE`





3)$:#5[/*?4Q


N6?D

;`QL#
M&U




M6KK![\9-@`6P`-8J
4I%71.`!;#X!R0
BU^N

M#SQR2[*



M'QUPE``8``-@`-QY@!5^N=C@MD


M


MAH.0KQ7W#VW);J^&\W?'W`OC*1-9:\A8'B&PH5C1QC5JQ-
9F#F8N=/C(8;(


MZ\#Y-RXZ4_[TK=J4ODGC6?4Y=IZ3TPII=_.VMK-;H[9ETEMK#?V!_D!_H#_0
35
MY:'L:
&[@/[1T

M0


M(Y??=9M#KT9VL@#@D

H
M0X'O:C#&

(#RY

M.^FAA@*8K(




M8E@@6*#NR`\6J*
6Z$+2)K+*[UCZ@8)!Z!?VJ4ORZX:*P3[MS/6R6C-/0YDB

M]
\DR]=[+








M
<)E4I,Y`7NS'N%3!LX2SSZ:P-PWT<''4`!L``&`!W'F!^

MT);L]FHX?W?
O]3]1#:X%6H]66!#L:*-:]2(IS

M!RO7-2MG3A2CH4P$6#E8.5@Y6+D.6+D+29O('&NUOU9BB
+#!L(&P@:V&K:3
M)J9U?A

M(CQ0MRL0^NQ

75ZLPR3`)'`R

BC3KY(=@%V88!+=S^.YE$2%EU=
MNP
[8#=`[



MVXM8GG+(TKEPF7PE^9/]A_='Z-VZKTH#UP4??X:D7Q8='@_Z`_V!_D!_H#\=
ME0_T!_K3TI&\
K'HL((_XO`GZC;]LC)[5A2X3Y+[ZFP'B;?1S2CV+UO\E?
MB^A^?MQIC\/3`@=RL^(%OS4TZGBUIY#]1C84[B&'0'=:`.U!WDZ51^-[:!
M.E`'Z@[0JO7%.S*W1?7@JR4,`!VN%O3-'[7XW9K;UR;W0


M#98*CLF'8_!0(&6\I&@`!:``%$RT
-$%2=,M+C%

M7
C(E$1?RWM?$
E#J!RA\GXY.P`&P``8``-@``R``3``!L``&``[.5K2@:`(
M/Y6QIW\MHKPZBE*F.[[\J;L%'G(_I*1&0*0
N_/N`*-P0J0`6H&#P5%Y+(
MK0[C&':K@





&BFVUS?N))$;=V/`^']T:*\#ZH
M`!5U!\(MB17^`Z0
F!1^H

``&P``8`
/:Z_5@(=MA
MKSI]*NB?)D)4/J!LL6MCMA0$(
?K0P(*$!5(`*4`$J0`6H`!6@`LN)]A?D

M-8@.%.`6\LEE$6Y,XHYY1$4`VJVZ/:L#JCEX`:4`/J;H:1


M*J+SQ
EZ1OJ%;+46#\
?)<(XAF0?WM+I@6[+<?_OLR7^B,LB.!6
MK]G].6%^U_LH\/++V#OVN*SQAH@/E]&(W7K#&T#<QFXDP'8!=@%V`78A5':

*!2$J@`%;NI


M)7&\?
(^#J:DUSX2+X)?Z3SL&;6OD6SXHZ^I'U<*@8=
M\3B\S\G[U8M?GH[R8Z







B41%_+FU@0R$.D')'R?CD[``;`
M`!@``V``#(`!
``&P``8`#LY6C*ZH(@]_6L1Y=5IE3(C@EVG-V4'S4/VEXS
M$*1$Z/[U05FX*E`!*D`%J``5H`)4@`I0`2I`17OWVG0Y$8*?2GTJZ)\:.]K`


B-D7M[S
M2.4XI6_.TCAFFXM14I,Y+COL1'G-124$&\&%:`5(`*4`$J0`6H`!6@`E2T

MEAT-+^J1/K%Z[(KE1`CI?1&E22Z0[R2;1CF9(1CWPG54S8?BQN+#$.0&5]A%
M`F``#(`!
``&P``8``-@6'J]FBMD.NS5ID\%_=-$2`C*/A2_7)@(.6*GL%Y
M9#I@RPI4'+]_Q;``EB`AP`5H&+W`@

Y



-77@6P`3;`MB<!PN6#HM9YOER
MH<80[_%O;\FT8'?G^-^7.5%_A`41W.HUNTTGS.]Z'^A=?AE[QQZ7-=XH\.$R
M&K%;;WB/A]L8#'<R`+L`NP[`+LP2KMPT=K@F\.9@LVI#=!;Y@*F`I,(3%





]9L'Z
MP/K`^L#ZG&?N





M=I$+?55V+2Q8LOY5$19D3OT6V]LLMST#.G'.V74O0G%'A`?JL@62L*M@/DV+

-^&
MID$4KX/+%V5VCC9]#C/JN+IH&;J\F(9)@$G@9!)^ATF`28!)@$E8/?8Q3=YV
MSB9\6(19F!1IULE%!.P[,(`E^Y^',VC)RZNG8'=L!N@-A=IT48@[=SUPSB





P7\@+^-T(6]'!9*T(+F0



OA`A

M`;`N`':AF+BJN@
[F'T/C*RNZV3E)S





MVTG83@)@``R``3``!L``&`##PJPK490.!$NVFM#XD6XO8A42DUDC!1#[QIUF
M(4:)/2Y$\[''A3TN4''*O`W^`_X#I.RO%LT-%+@-P-!S&+#L:'A1W^74B'97
V5860(W:J$)Q'I@.VK$#%\;4F


QAPA!-6@FA_5$K^



L*4`2*0/'L*/(KK[)/
$-99P(VP':JW]
U;KE.\'OGRY
:



:O.`=`X

M(J+P;.A``O!(5^B)*&-83E+_Z2&#E'$TR7-#?G1'TM%\+\#/A?8`EM@VP[

MJ:$(*^P/[$]WY`?[TU'[TWB@&'8(=J@[\H
=ZJ@=






MZM:SF
W(E/8YSG]]\U;?@$ZS5%647

M?=HBG[WYFT(_4J]
Z69KM]IP7`.EEQLH6;;H*I)C:;(HJT8@F:I2605+-P-1

M&8G^]1OY$L8^T_T'^WN4_VOY$?_:TB=_J:=
?7\G\QN2/=LY/7`\U]8LQPLL

M^Y:KUD9+;;TW']/DPR*D%J9(LZL-P[IOI%1?
2B9AF2+IFJ(BFJ):S74-?]I


M3E1%2W1M3Q1UP[`S]=TQUM)6.VZ;@UHR%1'J6V^W:








QB


W#T*Z

MFLG7^`KVH



^]'^O

AGVL6*!C2ZN;F%)WV]2'(RI2Y[
M]D[XS_0;^4JRB1#=

MA


V;AM?$`YP[NC/O7+@C*;%'0^5[YESD:3=3%*
M6$R1S

\V;T
MBZ:+:BKY+2KNJ
QNHRPOWE+KD&9
F^])=DNF16F?IHOR5Q'M;T9;QPP':W'5
M'2KY1P'1X9Z&^1VS#/=I'E5?N?R`TC1

0RH=;@T=(E[`X&\^6@[
?T?J#;(`%


FFS(!1()\Q


M&4IHJROE/5Q\^CM7^:UGKUNE/1MJV?+8B./:V])X[OV9HYE/8&Y#Q_JN/S


M:J@-IS/-**53NGLZ-(0UG@F4&N'GOGEMZQ=Y-0U^[&7U[O6._LJZ5W-']AA]


&R=+B(X2W+\2GW35:K
MR$V76*E6%G:9^#OYI*SKEH1Q+68(KH6IG9I*LTG\O./EJLTMR3LF.
\@V3

F-UD&L6LI1O3Y;M@TZ:GTS_9+ZDMC.:T

@`AW@)&5APED4+\KVLB#FIHFNM;8

B@WFAC



R





:WJ1?2:L1
YY#NC)N3V8+W])%/%N&
MBE?KZ\V`4VOSIW=\3[94(\DF#BQ

MUZ9&IEN;M



LQ
*2'NI



'@[
GFK]`S&TW8Z;[J4
MQS)SUZ.3YWFU3%N=





MO*M:#[_09GP)OY1KE6F5:+[C
`$33\RR)NC[JZ8STUBE^5
W\'-Y6ID5]66-

S9E(W=SOG]#/*SRD/


M-6VW$Z?3/__V;_]+$/YC\TV7ZQUOEP5*Z
#9U3D_INGTL3_([:]O+ED__J[^

MK^_214XUSTYFU]_HWQ]\ID._EU)\PT*_K%Y-_NN;M_H;(9K]^B:@ROW6DTS;
M]439URU3]`+?U@S?#S3%



M?4UW*SF9HJ8X9DU.XNI_C4OJ`$6ZOJ/3ME)4M*=




6]T!W;/#*2J^YBFB


]OI(

MJI:H.9)EVYX64


6S-


--'T=

MMG7'

)VV]9ZFAQ0







MJNOJU+C+JX8JJJ_6&KK?2![2T



MXBNK
)6AZCN26
3]VG50*QOIZ4N:J+)

M



2%%MUE\.KFX$4U*)!Y^_Q2<9*-P)JD@))4JE#4DQ5
M=]75)KNTY5_+=Y^X!RPM?$]T5:9=/;K^:[MJ8IC!H[J.ZJR/
?;N+H2U6MZ;GC)W_?+G%ME07^=HT+O]&9OLL






\O8'
M0U9
39-]R[=D4V
'NAR;#D8FB-JM85]KP:C!?GYMN7:=)%[;AF^)ZL.:N#

5J.@Z!8G+5Y)KT/B

KUP^[G:,5U1\7W9E'1?M%395;Q@E0(GR8%4B^WMF6W)MON





MGB1+AJ2M4V--QZ@7O3S$IC8O[
[.`215U`)9DAQ)



8QEL@)=)AC*

6Q=464
3
MV$:TXIET@K8:%GRGIT#B%:/!Z(WBY8MNR;[IBGIFJ1[GF4:GJ8;Z]-ENO[<
=]SP:B-Z'8S8$R
M%-F060E'ZC=<S_=U3UY=:R3[BO^,:=.Z;MK8QWVZ91%Y*I?R-Y?)--A/I!5



VT1-NT744Q6.%P55P7







E7#UE9W.@2B69?:X:ZZ
M-;Z[IXN:JYN^YHF6SBX)=EUV^\@JT.&;3BW0P5L7RVO$HIM%&0MT'OSY?9P^

DH^9V#I@#/2
3SJ+LF2^2J;\1

MEJ=H7FU1=(!):$?4W;
.JJX95!
UVD3+\FS3?$P.
33%KRV1#JB2TPVM[9C*

MYO_/WI4UMY$CZ5_D=Q(O&P$,@%,.V)FW3%VSSYSY;*L7;742U'N\;_?AQ0
MLF%918I'%3T/#HLZ*-6'/+Y

M5=X'9:@F,KJE@W4(

M1?1DH9T?_]+D4[H)#GCO@&=6N`DBZ&U4X)=!G2WIC*$5;053M8HIATRM
M'@BM[.\)]PEZ_O!A.%N]^?#F:OAU6)ZQ&B_.AU^O+ZY6:?C2DOOFZM'0X.]J
M_


M\6EX&$-]\XY=SK#XL/J&\\^T_


M[JU&I/$V@G'_9S(]PX4&D*0Q@J(5-@
'^]C\A]2QH^XCLM03PWQF#MWR
2A9
M)'KOHLW:1_5P(-%VM'Y2!U*-7#5Y

8

/<^[N

M?U[/!&


LR@%%E$)4@(

B0I$(%W
M*'*;\NUM
?DE-GZO:


]KMNA-)/I




M?`$'BL+2MU8=5P[58=%!J:T-E21`#$21Q=QG:KW:FKH/)8=7%Q6(_CVXSL



726<8Y







/3=_:.;3F+F<)K[0I9HBDA!:3B

X_ZR[OIJ







ML&@D]HI`+L[IPN!M@Y2





BULH3F1R;A:&(;%4]DP.
B02V\@O/

A\E\O7
B2X\O05JL&DL)V/.0B$YV&PDK3%F



J%X6_-

M?H`41D4RW*-
-O1EUR.\TUY1GBPAK:/U:H%3!&E+A8TV@:DRMS^!$5-E.0



#:=Y7VB+.8,_6AX/^+8#G,`$Q6#
MF5[-*52@L+##D<C1J4JM(#%F9[&K2!Y33_=3B\$,2U]R\FRWLPF6LM5(`;18
MRX#L*[/4B)*VGUH&9EBB4[-_-K,7IZ+J'I4`I;F#(F+Z#ND<P8=.30A.N6M




ME
K6%/0ZM&8I5FR]V?3^PXK=]-P(N1A8C4


MKR3:G`)&8[=@/


]DB

MO%L.5__/WK7^-HXC^7]%Z
4.IH&DAP^1%-.8`TB17#0PUW/HZ=O!?71L)=&U
M8WDENS/9O_Z*E&3+D1]Q'HZ3ZP\!'%DFB_7\58DJCK[`Y3U1'7A+8AR%F&M%




E:-Z





MBUTOE3@($
89@1EW.
%TV11A4KZ32C7-:-Z%0IR#UZXF(%-.!PG+L4HI@F.
MF_/7$TRD[1WRFJQY7?]5.([[\,(E*&$8,XR21#G_KFN[=0N0I.YUL$GVI9E



M64IY(P;(YR3J);1O
P2\F`]B6K@X%4H)\/V$






4D3SK`2[2


MO^T$:RG;S-D?G]S;C+/MP?MQ

6]XK

M




M_`*X#^LM(\12(@CG+B4:`KEHD9I




.4
683@VHG^8[99L
MZ3&\(08T'+B`3#Q1Z0&Y`.'7'J4H)&2:_D%;\.+7P%(5`Y16
%+);Q,)
M.J)
JW:0E/7[*AP^`M)G4SM*TI1Q!\XO9;%
7*IYVCYQ0;3_=.!TV[/@']AW


OFV$\R4;!\Y65_ET_9M!S8W/

MZ;@BS5LQ(:R)`
$DR!\R27!
T@2W97#D^@WMMKUK=@06]`8EQ$$Z7&*!.1)(

M9D4TS

MUWGH[^$9[


M'P[&


@O!0S2G\`[
MNQK


M=E4`(X9E%NZ#E7?\6


MO:
-NCXJPI*OO18TT:8AQ3/OM/30

MAM@\^&)0N9Z+V-.DA\6X*
_^5J/#CQZEG0+F+.J)SR;%)*NM_H]L.@N8M#97


ML@\GT:7'&6%MA0_H[SU)@_4\@:O3;#(*\.7F*@N\`?4%JL$S9V!%BWIW6
._
MYH

?ZO#M9/5-@[N\N(B&P:N=[*D
MP:3#E`X$J]8O?^

K%IU$[\$T^FEV=Q03&

6X_+ZB?C3H#W/_F7SH3KR$!7/;







M


M6?+HD4[?7W^+E&3+C^YVNRF9D@L($+NM![E8M5@LLJJNY&#Y'0'C80.`6K
M0Z`K%1U^2


MCL=H^.:*.^2N7J^Q0(5%A3VGPO:%PNZ[LU%A3U?89Q^EV%91O1(=+1/`==Z-
MQX^Q/4.ND








7^6OS]_`L]E
M#I27

MKCPFJ8B!]+FM7C/QEZUL/VEJ')%G?
YSW&=2(P337:YX9N=]$7LH;]FA9.3K
M

MCS-'VYP!RSK@IQIF*'\H?RA_*'\H?X@?XH?X(?^A_*F


IPI4U5JK*B[`4%5156NA
MJK@`*RES2WU*TNTWH1@^?2T]FGS$(\.G/#+\-Q$9GFITS]#U7XI':\B




M?!:O+H#E*

@JP6`E3M`@YI#VD/::]!+BMDO3.R'A(;XH?XU06_
M6A`C3JS/]K*4=




WH;L5CS



Q6


:Q


MP*([)UMRC/KDM^VLLUT3'[9?&!K9#G6%445_7G9K.':995V1I%U:T#L
JH
MKF%BX1T

M+&H=B4'(/!&YN!6E*8(45T'D\FC&]IY\83@AT%+GA?&$9J?BJ#G#J$MX7^4O
MQ`[6LH
/:=CZ+A





[+7



P9+YS+VX720R6

MH@!R6OXX.2@6Y(;=!Q6JI;YO#)Q$)4OXXR*2HYL]R=/3%YX7HEAYF\OY%OQ[



M/I#LDD.8(IL)L%@`CL#7_D1==*?9HS+2CICI$Q:?(W+LQ!+(!40%-3KG_
M4FKQET

MU24[4M69OQK:04R?HN!)%

M*TZP^3`%V;/VZW`.10YK%GYUR+S^.XM#UT')JM_YEUHG[3A4(+TGJ1CABQ,
MNX,*6PN%[0N%Q3Q9F'Q'(HC?&=LWR^.F5%*


MY!S5\F5;#YR:D#O'[H[CIB7I&5%5(4ZT?N'ZGZ.DC+)=@4=4#OWT/(ON-9
M6D8BB04N&M$!6$/+3B'4E!.W_11V.B@0,US2I#L^2ELFVZ9EV\Z^\=HS[Y





MH[#LJ$(YTJ($R^NS?.UXI4O+7KDOYS4:_
=/N2!#($
@0R!#($
@0R!#[&\M















MK/JFRAZWPHZ7^LR1EZ.XE27$;+SB7OQR[NA=\?+S]#5L/\V4K*3-WC?#JF\*
MKR35U;)^#[6LM.E.&3^-


MC=RH3?YBXMN3;VK!PQTOX?TE#HT67

M66A7OMTM6I9`TS\S1MX'

D%^)#0%'A
RN-N!




M8!CC3J]O&+V./1W9D^%4

(RMP3C/698]5$8M/`*/XP
M_TP]%CTA#_;0-(:]GC'LCOOCT7C8'8Z&DZEM:&9O.!@-K(MC[5/DH8E$88W&
M_5Y7LV$:[^G6U!B


S+VIH^DSQRERT:90[/-_F#2,S6M:_;ZT]YXT)MFXC#I]3KC/4M

M5N*&IE'U@\




M[1FB35T

Y69!;HQ[ZWP]3/.0J%(HY;
+Y-
M)YD3&6F'B?C1#W'R8WB__OB;RT(:.HO[=^P;\[8GJOR:M_XJB2-Q@?'P(PNG

M9&+T[6Z_GSL$^[WIWCJU+AI1+FKCWA3





M!_Q3H1:Q*E'B+'@.\=L0?LIC66#08CY2[CK8)(3[@SGQ@Q!$B@0KD&#AHVF3

M+.(`!/\=^A5ML(%'`09WS//X__!SZIH7@2SS+)MD&K'BW&_22@(&#!#(W;X$



N=Q3-]$'%

Y0W_91[!\#-7!!W1



M`=0@;KQ;HA1YX/H6:%2+8L`TZO07M:-H&7VLI6
CMA%GL'4@X2
]2[4$
MVLL;&81W-)RED&W2TF[K#3Q2_`XTN7`]MI9[H#81ZNJ*4@_?X#5!*$32)PO!
DIH%&^\G]#IIHES'Q<O
M$'
G?!$@-#E]*?U&74\$&G
N








MN&I]-HXI9




^6_ZK6ZW5Y+

M='&2YRDIMRQC

Y'V]KU\^DMMN:-'U1
M1?3148V.6

[Z=7
M&3E@7WIBL=X/KG0D


`_1+E

MW*ONV)3J@O/2*;G@97@M*MT=NKZRAA5`JZS.J[AOJV)X6AURNY!GX#N
4%%E
M



*LS04

4L7/*BLX5'TRA*EBF5MLEDZP'0+VB'




M3/:A(U0S5#-4





\&D7NW.7Y\2


LY)

MT'F?;)O)P7SS.=WVJ@HU52)-^'V8^/^LVK=NKG%5/98'C8RJU/&O;
5TK$%9
M:F
&Z:IM



5MN65D`+

I8N:_TEFGW6CVS?%_8OJ4!Y1T
M69)WP@_]%NB&+NSR6.TNNJ%1N=;BL`U#3AT0U=DSS\GJ7^9OTT.?
E6G9

FS]9L68Z=WV]9^-CX
&$.-P[AXQ*^Y



M45$:=4[=


8!_Z?)*US?W8@A'

N8-#/8J5M



*;8L*Z*[O+I/EX8=SZ*F?44KN+\\T




MG@O6OLN-1U_7B#[2_BJW`&U6GGH]A*)6S+42;1OSNKCKADUA7;+YIDY=VH^P
MN!(LBB2*)%I'$Z8Z_*JAU8UC)^


MB)=M0M5(M]5B4IFG
IOCE))JM)T

F0P?BP]
(O8!SP*^`-G]C\S=68*\S_
M6O_Y



M%7%G;ZZFU(FO#6LZT.W1J&L.#
NP+6





\

M'TX-K6

MW1L8#LDV!VV2)BF*\[1!2W3
X:GNZGO=J9=ZU


V?!A

8N

SZJ+^#DMG3[]CLF^FZNZO\R&5[J-8.4`6HO@*J;7=E



MNF
'UJ%R2OJBO_?+6NZ+(O#'L]0=#O






0+HMB:9Q1(15KPG;-6)O`VX8;&V(%U80J2GSEO@0P;)16S7.A?B/EMV
ME[!$Q)IHA`(365?61E
F&LOZ)@C7&G5UCMG76':7&UM3:AHIK)0.(H4BZ9.%


M.R3UJ:9!B!!1-FBR+[!/%PTA`QFPC8R$SWDWWDLZ`6F(@SA$.M*1G4L5)D2&
M(3((V24`)]3GF\1$Y\3O1$S:B9C$Q+ZVH6Y(8\.5QH'R&S$I-3*2F\7LQ)K6
M;SL14]I(T)*LCB

M21G[M351'.E8;193D&YFED[$-(*'KB5Y1,;%L4B#$@3%(F8VW7,%C%%)T[;
M#06I0&'-?J%$8$?:!4@65N3X#`F6RB(=6'-%V-SAS6YY!0C)J0
4
`-XLIO
M%BX2Q4S'F\7T:2=B=H--3&WL;F-:9ITWT(@RRG%C3110(K9
*+@3;.).G);'
*!
M84(PH93R6<.T*++AT19K8M6)F-U@4]E@1R)?DIC$UY4N&^:\(!J99<IF\6D



-TZ8
)]QBG#


$W]!G5@P'FS;]=@2I+YRM'CS`HE41Y1.IZ$12D9A$U)CN^G
M[&4+I%=ZPL;11J$PD::^KP,37=ZON!K'!.*MBWGNF(&LMEO?1IC130WFAF?


9=8

FE-\$4JISGY^
MD'6UFD&UHQ/Z8TE;:WW?5S/K

M9^_+W_3G:&M&UU

AU[M2#6`9/OZ2SYEEK#ND#0*YRY

3J]5LAW&EOT1'YS]U;Z





MZC/\H

M.LVOLVE2YC

=ZKM6;S?JK5W.O82JY7D6UK/A-UDQ1]-

LNG
M1;4-

M


2`A(J*?ZZXOO`0D]2D)J;YT6


ME^0ZGUME5$+=&]O.$36#3W^
TG1_8%/H=^V8T\KCL/1$J=?UV%=P)9-)/K*3


MG09NTI'C^LGMN?=DZ^9NGLB*YK?'\^I7[1ME/G.1Y]+?K;N793J;%F^\[WEI

M;Q=+A7Y
$8EHY/LA


&L08H

M6?X)*GDI0ZA01-Q097T$$1OM*(N


P&RP&-
36*

P96LN


M:%RYGCT


M7Z;W?!O(E\6^4
Y+9
_F`]9
.+70YIJ(9Y#4
3%G63(WX
MF`^@EC.0M


MCO0Z84VE(FO29$R2Y8':TWNV)`_[DIA;TQSHHF6_M:8D%P/)5S7GYS!X9#$)
M1VJ1^%N8N/ZK%X=Q\CE

MC4]5;%M49


FWF1ML&SB/T_8=XK++

VJ3]4.F:6\/[=2CG=
24:*YX+`W





%2Q^UW.H
MTR##J:8I

U[M:&WYEKL^=]0;$9\F
#DWZ+5M3^@-#5'J.

MS3-L16-XWY(

[@
`*T2NK2.6/#&6Y=@9L0<OX!D(TI0'





KJG5RHPP^O8)3L3Q2JRO?]O
0DIML


EWPA_YI<T`/F



M3EYIF=W!`#@#`:LA^(B'0C_-+_Y1P`!SK$@8^9R[33'TKG0&[$-MVLW5.2

M*K6


(K9&;




M-KM]J*V%0HM-M%_3;`;\`7_`'_`'_+7#?B^?JZ'0;*
*S38+*=6[O^T_W5].
M/=32

/,$3!.=@''(N7^2`;-M?J@`7%,H'0H-
M_``_P`_P`_PTU#[`#_!3TP)G!_UI.YS/PPE/[^+P`V@N/VU<VL+XQ7/2+B0K
MJZ[-K<@YUI3^K#K6A9$&6M`I+9!+JS';E&Z$!$`(`%P!Z`%T`)HP8F-OI-+
MVYE9Q'F+.K^T30)0A$IQ3@(]P:7QR85PRK3L
(P8/5@8?
\+U-`?GMQH


MMLK!.6S*HHCQH\SS!0MB-_'0,C2EE?PJ[5!9!1!P=E.)H[Z'6-;I*)BHO@



W$%EJQ`'?6KV[(5D*O7A3E70
_6S]+Z


J$@(&#5S?:DP2@1E+'Z/28ZZND@W/


MW(H3FTWI3WX?
FZW:R1NG9N4@LD$7G&H0'0@%O6`/@#T`)H`;2`WW=7HD-P
MUF[GIO1^:1N:(1&0B$Y)!-R%$@.-AU+OW$JF6$8
7JP
/@^GKG!`Q/H#T]N





X492DC:N:%+C
M$XN4MRW[$





ME.5ENCS2@C4;K((P7VG!^$
F:P6`ZO54RF%F4=M*
W7CO!7('F2OE*U;52UO






GB#V\[]_42H


F\JG
M%T2N_UYXFC'^6)\]N+[_++!@&D9CEO)J[L9T$7]'PF]UHXAO;)_3]PKLNQ?3



M4SS



Q


T1^R2?:9^/]*:/
B]($@D&

M&WA681?L0#WH2Q^=-?$*MFR#_9IFL];B[^9V0).;D#N!%6U(O8FH$`:#KI#Q
M^'AFW4P])5Q0$7-O(M@+!H/!]3%X5X@
#*[SD%+'SAJMXO-NLA%BJ?
QFT

M^

%9AZF5SC]8W11%A=\W[58G9WGB'Q/U$&B#A)^L=\Z

M



MMV(LRCA)6
NT

MU4#]8(0UA';



MY'86B7!C5G*;D5W$+V'_\RB;3K
1[W0.3X$4'\B!=/XKS]GA#P]A/IJW!B^D
M60XJR&'U.O^?7WP%5XSXL6D


D!E5A7_5QE=/#'2-21%`T


\:.O;A_GL?%%_H?
?*5`DWP



MYW:/R!.GX)WE7/]

MQ3(F9VV/_.WZT[5TAW$\Q;]=LC^$=XAJEYT4U59)


3DYK40'XL8\H3Y


MJC@8/Z##HJ(01R\Z%
+L?P@/?7_P;)WAA)M;G`\RKA`1V)5D!`&W
;*CSMO8
MBX-YX0BZ6S?


C?YVNIW8E`Q@1A`

JKN+W)J;!H@#W&+0%&J)[I0D;JVK5PKWE6)X3D



^_R6BKM`Y%C9

$*XO7%^XOB@#WB(
O/EI3QW;
_3PF8WX
MC$:

I;'N;GK

M:X&`?_0_N]4]FP0&!P((NZ4!OP]Q/18T`@0$`CH`@$#`0$`@0$O&$(


N=YQ2MJO0SV$;





M%$91-:T2N'\D9?@')X6IA)PA*OFCU(\G85Q/B5I64C9^&!2_4:18)D$_MB+
M$`]J$=^HO=)^?HJ9B0JXWN2/%Z_.
IM0YAFN.E_6%2:$T`O-.))EN!SI+LP

MP*/NPZ1/WJ8$.H(CAX#O..

L+6+(X8&V]%$:AU&9Y92]FC1T




6842016

R+-L@1C


M_+




A!.0H[/:Q9`6=;[$(B4Z.L)


MRC7`D&&I!E?


M$!\?/?]

N_4TRI7L\!

MD5^XOG#]-^GZ(O*?N_N_M&]J6S+/:X-P_K
P/F=EF$@^N2U/&6HW:N/Y^UM'


M
EMQ28]T%]=26RE-;NA2O\@[XO&*63$)/$TQF.WHVI^7CRA)]G3K]AI
M5



M[51Z*$Z4P;7Q;2\T'U0!0+;2#]G+/4$O:V?#]IEK0`O0AK7]P682B`BTB\7O
MD$6\#_






$\L2XA/
MV+]=1354`D7V%$NS'%T9FK(^=/5A8*JR-O!43?8/(ZKUO!Q;=$\XH!$HMN(&


\S&V[P<119/6%5JN&J'3#
M53PGP&1A8!C<J@8^Y+PMJS+/7%:L&VM32C?,HC8G#39$/RM0`9H4]$#`/1Y


M.
H6X0P


[PXLFF(_O^T/5TTQP

X'BJ+4F%<5K:W)-5'TID]CDEKR#VGN$%^=`5A4F'_'-6O%SOKK9
M\!1R@:_Y5N!ZD#ZI.NA-5RV?,Z1IMMN=;7-SU/TO)3\;5$I
'T#
%8W%6N@


E%&1WBGSQTZ_:

B#0W+8N(FCY@?@[/

M8)8`Y*H-K`?UYDZ@#EN)B;(-/78@]B6
_T'/,#)&IW4:P#(@W;]@3YT#4WU
M]('%&1X:CMU6;SL3VXG(%S-*/Q7HP*BL*9X-E5=QY.'AN]XBELS*LN#]FZ*

M#FX9N*9C0-W'R?4]K46NU=X7VDC(S@1OLP4P7UVV]:$5J+@G87BJIM6V(&OM
M[RV

M?@WTQ.2(==_D'GDH'1..]/_L75EOW$B2?E]@_P-A=`
]@.SA?;C'`S!YN`UX
M;4]+@\'NRX!B94F$6:2:9%FM^?4;F3Q4)994AT@6615O.IAD9F1\7T9D1D8P




/

M%78R<YKH]6--A*8P<U.T=
GT
M;

ME&/-A*&XGD8LVW`DCX!W8WJ*51U:$K+AN'M\

M30?7O5HE#%G4S=9&R?AFHF-

Z8D:JJO

3G\B:Y;D:NZJJ4EJXT?XMG2SK?;K(TA


M4BNT[Q07P*/Y)8ZD$`MHP7(M0P1&4%2K6@!UU]]P\ZPOV5]E09)#AZ(T85?9
M9W#_Z^/Y^YOM$

M%ENN7=
Q)&(11W%5698475;=MH:T8]]V'ER'0I'[DXACV:HN*PPVNN&(IJ&(
MAJ1)GBR9+MB

M/\8M%X-$RW4E3?1]7W=-6W

M)NS.@R
U-[P\LS6/SRZJ!X^1:7+.5)GF7Q/O3V9N+*/\ED'PZYR5?=EW2+YF

M\^WJ/KVZ39=YD
S`5F;7!@I*DVTF!&$W\S2`G:3:NNAK/JENYEBZ;#@M1ZN+


M8&G(IBF+MDA
2R8N.&+UW6/HS88K/E:+M/;LSJIK3Y9YE-`\M\
_0-)18R+4



DQ#-]@^Y8*N
RB


0-$]V-$W7'5B?8`2J:+'$AN405

)NQ0.?3;8



MA\%/YZ4@RNNR+)=\$NQBG

M\C3Q

MO5[IMPG]4-:1%)&P'

M
Q-8QERU#LZY)YHZH;M$<UG^5@<HGK

MG-ZSC`B\L)J0T7E

MY1UKQ3!%:

'&4S(W^^^I'DC0#NEI73_9
\^)2FT(:Q]4S']Z(;_CO^5T0



M-2S2:YH)TH6P




M^
)H5!.1C<A&9'<J1U.6Y




1[KJ-!6]
MFZ.(.\0=X@YQA[A#W'N$'?GC#MT^HYYZQI+)CZ63+RD=P5=L**)LL6K)NYS


M





V2Z@TXGCL]B

L/I`?





MR(=UZK'MF)B\@S






3.2D*=/=.M


?`D?$+@

MPS3C&9O?
^F5_6S2`3U2[[-Y@0Z1PP7/#GW





M!'@F!I;;Y^K!8%%+X_(%.@B

M0X3JN*':DX=_IE`]6O[=L0CP8Y;FN1`&6?;`'/P?0;RD+WN'F'ZMLX4`B1[U
MIT=VDLVIL]-5%LSH(LB^=^8UOMIS/H7CDF=:IB='=Z.91K[=B]P54$*.D*

MHI*T[K893CU0`+.\#;'-=SK04A%:Z/_N*

8C^





X&Q-?MO
Z?)+/;SM\'
M.7!'F-XDG`QFRXRQP3S*84D:;%0=WK0?L,O=7*<?5'V@U^TSG\,$G='\CH9%
M](/&#^^$?]%F=5C;^7^DIF3#DC1/^=(B)-!AT+D?M%8\3G)OKS.Z1]+5GEL

TQE;8.UD]JDQ
M.&QN;[A@7


MO/8IE@IJ'B41V)UQ-*?/['NP!R*^[\%\G6S&XE/`X@RBK+RUS%^5I
7CMLB%











C5

MU]-GQLU4@F_L
MV?/2_-I\I9?6@%[K^E]_0'S2Z8D%GS)UW?.M15B#SM$7RM

$!G3UI!.E
M8C^N.7RB-&L&MSV72EV8;?((66/FQY5RVD#:_CDDK6)/!D^FN![#0_&S_9


M*U(IID7PO41?R=8S:%WU:9XN


M6_]^LAI=$(4*#5($'*#PZ1-([*K_+X\JCJ^U.$1^O;W:V)MCM'`*WMW*)O

2!


8O^



MY


:W[6W[L'




B[


M#YTGZY9PNSC_X6_.VF6UOA6V6_0A\O#Y/'3Z?L=PEAET5@7T$,T-CH03O?



\U&NB2\1RSS-]
MYF*'5
+$X


M)0$10ZSA
2/HQIA&5#M^3SS)%*2MX-(DS^@K$9S)73RA7Y54;D
\X8^%]FY[




'/#&9C6X1Y?G&(Z8
MM-EY0=3/Z^#1:X*@THHHLFXL6CP^#

MG(


X?*QI;2N#&
2#@Y:V-690ZM0E
P/X'0/7Z=/4N5C&/9



AQ%93Q)+UC#$:3HD_*6M



Z]`XZE.1






M
/NY2N+T&'T


M*3+N+7!N`_?$8;6
UCHA6*
T0NIV+';(NG;L-B_#2T*QBA$8P@^GY=V=G0


M




M*O50VS'46*()(44

MF5SU#0-4(;:#*`\@RD#SY\E[8OSHC.:A'.Y`[-
YI/14-(P$W#@
=P^)#HN:
M
O$8




](M

6)LN;D(8`;VS
MT)C\AEFW1O[=8CX:+O4M7[[R_:NK\^F[F^EYJ9;]\KZ[:7
71AXHK2)ZRR6%


MC$?)/!E'3V(M9SJV@Z'F

D/XT#<+0B;
M<64'.33YM-#-R=@'V8/M=A4(.Y).5NFW%()H<F7ECV@8&2

4[/2WUUW0JY:D^U#^0=PI)\TI2-M4VB&026R?R=(]IN`W


)1N8$$.D?`+




L#*GT%&
M
0A#O]2CB;RC+NL

W`XPG*O*.F:CDECIJ+
M

MN+:@E7-!UFM#C(K0

:R8U)`S(`YX#ND
8DF8A)
DI
KA8CF
$NSIP$AF#=K)P2+_R








RJG!-S?79[^M

A+YK

MB:L)R[

LH[D*C3D5K


M]J^_2&RJ7&6#RR[`8$=K-J[;(K\B\B

M]^M^X#RMM7T$35_4\

M`]`([7O


MLSH(6$TX4QSKGVS?9=.+W


%0_2:]?3Y)6K5#3R`%+!CL-



ME%:N
*1:DHAK&42NZSF:.KJL-!7^SNS01X;_V&.L=E=(*N
2RH%_KB*^8*[+




G]V=@?CU-S
MN7AJ_LJTZ#N^5-_AQ6*^C*=_S^:KQ4/VU?X[N4\U_2-))_$6W0XUOV!
2J']

M`9@.!67219*X0M;VRDBL
68`




M(RZXSYW(Y=*G7-XWES1C7/N'0(L5/*8;


M=/F







M.0D`G/+
7[
]HYB&C4
U2V#?P4T]CA\I2CSI*8\)$`OB!+X*U6X']`M0&G7#

\!9VV(I&A[REM2P'J6]LZ#$)2MB+Q
0M=B?)'0\!#+X#M9Q`([2@PE<+75#MV*$AEM8+199<*

`!1U/32+EF.)LFK(0LBNHJIDXUH!VILG8*S#Q@H2.E=(F


M0U+9&
;8R


'
\
YQX-5
MDCM/M^+#T5]M%4KZIGFY\(@?V


MZCZ

M0U]&VF
$-M!E.01U!*V+8I'3]78SU9Z'5E[?[





^*N[@OA+C8WZ;9.L/




MS]ROO4A
M$;)=+KYS^O0$F8U\M%/I?'R]37]-Q?@L_PF.XF6?C)'LS@M7%




MJ-3`]VXR:S1-XNR75[/Y+'GU[GZYS\`!'9.!$/
8+#?7+#:#]9+;-8U-Y*
K

MGXG?60
=3#;&M2I

MHFY%W8JZ=7ARCKJUP:3JEH+9J%M?$@9H-%7R):IQTRFJZ099[?;+:`&V@4&%
M4H52A5*%4M5[J*Z^'E*OLBP!F


M01RE.+M@7@ISFT]







M5\Z\JX\@1O


M861Z/L-'3/.JY-LBF2T3Z^:[M;/T(V]]L__=



6;B69O?CXI&S#53




N^&];&



4/Y0_E#^4/Y0_H:!W_WMTH;D[[D9UWO`:37G
@?U#NJ=\^L=]'M0_Z#^0?US-K^'-S<;=`@2T'U4J
^S-W9O8;M*



D_REL[1
MKE3O89%S%;+_'4]7<6ZF&<93T*0FL[XIR3M)GU7!OB6FNS+<%S;4W2'I.]Y








M9N/#;=D?\

07H\ND&


241KEHKE69%-LF11
MQ0@7%XOTHK90SR0RA*'AO:'#3R)!H;^-3GEA]R*/FQ4A<U0%@HBQ7DZ+K//



MA1!8M[KCUN(6?WK;!%IWEJG#X/+R



MB=Y4GXMY
FX_]\#_


I

MXNRUM2;W=*GR3%M,]7LJVCSFM-3D[(

9^^JZ^RUTZ#B)


M#=%85?(XSXNLW/(





/*YX
-KYI*!#S!

-DF=XMF5JKF`I6=C7*]^XVACU:*ZBO)@('

LV+Y2+]%0Q
MTWS\S[_\^[^-1G_N_-+7UM_4&P;[-0MT_#4]__Z-XWC_T[_]Z-[$W804)X6
MW[]YQ]^

'_8+65953C%CTK$.O((-FO!GW[NUH*Z26)#88;*(GFJD(













MU&POL\QTE-[/K=L(U0#X+%!0KV46L0DED1H3RF8!]WB(;'TG6QT7[1V#0V


M]^#?;VX/BG]US8#%F(`_&WZL@RA=--6#VT8-!!FE8AW'%


+8QAA/53HST0=-Q4VB(.#T$50







F
M2/8=;NX%HUT=38XBQ\!T22_`HFEGL6E?XJ*Q

J&


\8U:01$$BU-
M!Z7]8;*3@&`;04CAK7'4@NIEB!#;NE4J8GTIDUU4UB]`VO'-Z@7[!QV#6U7*
M/7;$@?XWQD@M

W

[A&@?Y54X7E



]G8;=#'O^\)UU

MU5X!S%EQNT$MIBL36STM^QR0F%2@K4'2=.?
`HL5?4QZYY$]!-W!&^LUK`_9

M&\F[)4F-@R=I;\BV



U
MS[
KMJ6S=$GE3Y!8B2A#``\`1?/;IWNQX(:

\JD(AEX&'I_POXMN.37NNYYQV(5S9+.QB0\


MP`ES(4D60Z1



3_'.%U8IU@@O/




M(8%#D!V$TK$M==76
5]BA%-CRT?YQ(KV7/\ZKU/2().!A8(_(:Q-@;BV9BR#
MMU;Z/XSJXICTP.OO
B.;O5=:4:D%!?\TP*L@VOR18[0\PN:L+&LZ
KV[`DPS
M$2'VC(23Y5CEK$6*5RIY(H*5,-UZ98?A_*=@FZ(F7Q6XJK[!7UPBK:GOXC






MDX$T4`%N






MDO*

DG8A2M&-
JO^?$MFKZB?3SZ]*&:?$;(
XQGYG
3ZJK-MY?#YA;;



1%U6BIGR$.%TF+!K[MJ'%*0&Z2?.6J:
!#+;
M
^`DROF;%W3%!
X3XL


K'%BP?'






M__!RLO(.]5J^?V7TOSZZP\.=5][MX8MTU^_M_





M^=O_PNE1P]Y@--NUO\/!@YZ
5R5MNR!K5ID'E<_/,$
M2]9R\-T<^#G4J+V_W.)BB^(E^G?Z/W#/'\:W$U?/QISNRL9-:G1__4OU_0Q
MFVS

4WNT(
:9<M-H'DML9B6HJ2RJ*[=;_.^#


M:EMK`NS50C1*(


M:1P8-M7N?@5[R1QPWW39FP4R9`*H
1IE(D8G2E6+ERB#9NL0B0Y
Q8Z[GQH#


M0`(F
_%'&S`4J^G59'#33C7VMU


47YHAW-N%ZMPXIIBVD2-DGJ:@02/7!`-X

MX%[X1)

I
!349Y&O$&5J]#3Y
ML=54`J^\I<P)R[/SDC.GVUR:H+&<YW;!R[[TT^3SOF%1%WR+'/&'+74


M@TPN!@*6@_@86S`\K0(K9.&E6BHI\6&G7$@DLV1$&B\G!SB=
O6DA`+T0Y
M8(;94_O-N#CI9#42U)\):Y`+L!O$S/VV
?PWPY@?1B!03-:3)D5Z49P+-0
M685L$T2)4FI



M
-:1W#`'L5_V-$=)K4CM%%P-AB^L.^0^34;LN#L8!6O(@E!X.LBMIDFT$/.4
MRA+A_T)NG!LY

M
6*7##P`0S
6RC314[`KHG=JBID/FZ^N

MV7+N#80


MSF3BJ0O*2M@J#1

Y&2I;0=)





MN[Z#-DRT(XC3:2\




M/E!HIFIP5BZ=-HWVO&LT$



MG^8^%
E'O.$FS(UG$5V@D


ML@R]?&0$70:&!O(+WI@RGWS_
H4MBPN7HX/220Z13\H3!D6OL[.$M'G%VJ#(







MY]D5ID*ZI?8[


[4-OH@0WM*^RHH7D#?H74PVH=
3BG2]A5&$FK$2A625.`-E/X/

#'XK&DA/=.1
M
@K


M


M/?9]EN^[3P6BG])*^4CZY#0/R``ART1(M]0L[\JH/#?W/6K]&7_YJVJE;R1Y
M*/#;AQMV2/]BL$FB83(YLC0D;02O'1:DIFQY@(1KRI![Q#A?SB
X'+3A4H2@
M$)T68%GRE8`N45311
LD9]









%9

'Z5.?A:;<=..$EDE03YB9S

98[.T!+DQ4)DP0=&Z=#R
#V9`(BMF4`JN63'\F.!XBL

LO\UPK=]:K
MN.6)PCSR

MS!?S+[=?WLV^;?



#+*Y_6E[-;O[[=C5?7\^O2@A^]''!%1Z++
O-E`(:

MKYN]EJG[9?-FL=ZL;LLI^QZG%T?Y;CE?;

/G6$3'[O5IOY






.I3CK-2MZQB/?GYZ:1^=(5\



MS20:Y[AP)57A+$=6YWY8KJQK2F5YSUO7*!Y@-(V

M

M9.H






#?A1@BY\$$
MKTS


L
MYMS2LW+14@8^FY8#$S]
)N[`IDP&^SX%AKTM&CZ:F1??Z%')3^4727&RD$
MG72E$O


M=S'VI8S

4@4A
NQ51)ZTEIL5)







Q/E'N/!?&@$G&JE3V



/J&9X[W\D7RH^.`OT4I0+'
M.2CJB9/1*E-@RM$3MWV\A.

IDT!



#:5=H$28G`G7)
MJY2[.0LJ38;-KC+KX33`UA9`W




M\9J9.K&)1


=G].7YOB!=QKJ-(JAD!3.

EH8S7E=WGS5@HU]B9P^




M


5V




*M#B(P*05(J4V[0



C\)H#9QF:B6H#9#RWF^LVMG9B_C:G\NK3MUT/;JZ`HYW`:7
M3DMK7'(VL7R6J-&;0V1BZK92T`.(.0\W.JP12
AQDNK(WHLWAC'/*P[H8!J

MM$X1JSDP*T0

2KV_'#Y/[S









*8
M=A?_V
3U@I+W1$B#])GHI




M-=X^F'KJ
H8,0UW,DQ2X7!*4SXU<B:7`91F78CBQ

]@=8R`$X)+SU492N\\T$K;2=4I/0.L^%BZG3C!


MZ4(G1NJ6E&&G+3*


_;,L0(IY$N]HBI4
NN2.1ZGFV
M/_D*[

BA`3H=LHH
M7
FA!F\J5F]!X-ZZGH/6WL%S+:E&36:(D`X-*TY\&6-IT$N`*I*UI4[M.&OO
MPD[@WD&TQ+`D@TU)2

E

&
MG58\NZ7+!ZQQNY:
GHWLON8QWCM26F
Y:





M(OKAM




MT

D9GE%H5#)&A#PINKAWGNI89]=W]N\NAAT]+^N$.LX0#2P2-R-$2S


M2_I5:4$&4D'3R&B?O


MUC#E@BD!`Z9
C:/.JU+K2^=

MW64TBJ&


MW7QU.Y@#^L'&9;&;Y8^+'#_T1)E\Y:FM*5K/?37S4ERG9H1P^3$B47`@36

T\N5O;I$^SM/A;
M





EPY`C=+



M%AQ+U+J*JNU)6LU]%DAJ*S


12


M[HB$[Z+

M(0QLG6/TV#+3/$1Z-X+TU1K




I&X3GP:A$7MX.8-CRUX64HH@@#@NUI%F'%1N1**F8T<D/'(R]J3CT$]K

M!LNB?8O08A5S&



M/%#-4AA07UYH_$QIN.&%]#VS,+FC.9@-_I++?M620CL(1Q*'VN@_5AJ8B`
MPMZA']UQ:-TW@@BUMM/68L6I2Y5QA2_69



'IBP#:$;Q
M1R$
3*2F8)(3Y

M^TG^S-4;46J=8X\(^`_4

%#K
M=&8^#26H)]]+J4.


['IVE(!LA$BBCZ3J!N*
M9]UU?@MLI7&U$HQIUR


M!TTABG$
[\[L5W9]
?GT_#X\%HW


M/@M!Z[O2EFP=9J`1[J56#P1%NQ[*(QX$?R)*$;Z%AP&J_K%CSEB98/&;`A
MH*+KQ$D`'K3MO1\P38T7Q+$?-%M05
EVWN`'V\'#X
+KC4;DNR+2ON&2^#*.

MZIB$#)2E
&%

TJYS[D
?&YXO`[K(-!K[TSZ
M+X]P&18_]M40)-`^2(6GA8AB05U[+&`]4
J8;0X][LR(MCM%G0QKMM$?YZ6
MU3RMX'K[59D6Z22K2IV5HWQ:+N;I%7!YC^J%W]0=UZ@(BU
!

M[
^.%9G7+J&^_Y^=;ZESFXP/1M!DNIAWLG*G6!W0R:X7H#GO02U
0`C&SO42



T]'J67/FO/9!!:?WL


FKVY%]R`^/^XE6^I95M\XLF5?9*`
?MRJ7

PC+*/<U2WZ@YFDW`0RO@F=H3]-V02FAWM#X?S*_R
M'




M^?6TJJ9WC=)?OKHDLW\Y]3Z:TQC7)U;
NH6/3=3CUZL[/'YK7ILV^\Y&
A[9



%.'V7-@@7-]7EW0J7'#=]=P9Y6DR_^W%@9=_+KF!5H+A.HQ

O`%4`JHWK`+SK:0A_(8406@D`5L(L*\%$%H`I`%?&58/
M*N`[.G??9KA.1O^P4W*\;M5(_31*$TGDZ=H\




M



_0Q'[OCTV1

9H^'GSC9V
MT70@6







M-`:.JN#ZV3ZNG7R:TF6I;.+
G&?8#K#8VR)6Y7N



&WL(@71R'?2)F

?K<]P^V



M^/6IAJX;M;G'8+W51=FZM^2`;0IE8]Z_4LCKO0!Z#/WJQE/OTSM^'_8/^X?]

0W/E



8+
M]0?U!_4']0?UIY_R0?U!_4']0?T90#ZDLA;Y0:4TAK_!;4.66_[Z1[*1CCX(




M
I3'HRD8XWKS-2*U+KF:BU

HQ$4]+10E.$.91

Z_:TH(C
M
B\R+S(O




MQH6T2V-[Z][A_WRX]WJ13=I/*G.[M-^`R7IY


3^X?]ZW
[
ML7_8OSZW$_MWSOYAIB?
I=M'^?5-9JA_J'^H?ZA_J'_#D!_J'^H?ZA_J'^H?
MZA_J'^H?ZM^%ZA_6DFE?WX:K*5A+YJ5;_
[![\.L)8-J=;A:$;)'K8:G-I^*



@`RP`4S`+?]
M!WT9160`9`!D`%P5X



$BX9@0;`@6!`L!8$W]QX`99Q`7B`G&!
0KR^?]!$:6)D$Z%








M01BY$&3TG$/P$W0MBF/XDHO$RY[R[4YG;7\+HYLS%8EN:7Q_W3?(;@[K31I/
:P&S/SSSU
MS6@1970.[SHATG(X76%^%'YZ-SXV^Z



$RZ%PT56$\(%X7*@


CCMUL!D8?(0^0=X:_R




CF.+4^68!]P6C;
M

M%^SD^5OAC@K3*


M`'DNXPG\(@OPJV@.?&]`*@H8CJY%K[-:$X!8QG=!,4R!PD!-,(@GPG,7@OS
MH`AG[,NAK


BHOG;52NQ2*.5G+:U:/B*9O`/5FZR(F\$?B



MD/EKS(PR\J*
K
5W:]F[*6'^]6+[I)X\GJ
M09_9_-3:?RCAN19SG5.#<*=!E,%<-UZ6E+,Y@V8,-DGG-^B\&&2\<11Z](J

M7
Y^60Q/J!%6K&;=P';


7!P:MVBU9=;#



MS








MF+-


MLB4LS_Y=5

ERR+\K]6*=1W/VE7RO15-3X8\*JAX$PIU'.2OXQ
)H4LKQ7@+*)I\KT;R+0@_NF7R





M8*MKMT'


MZQWNT
KA






M_OFSL




U;43.BVIZ88F\%=1#F*^





!JM_&B?]Z^MN
#N$'<+NV
WE+!9`L;Q


MX@)^&TS[







[T])A:URW?L^I;'M^LNV=MX3
BLQZIDV1

M
YCNPW])^JB`RLD05GQU55CG0J9%'^5UW5)EUFF_D`6#D'N*+1VR
;5VED


M9M'-LMB;BOJY-O/4K$]
+X`ZPGM6Y*-(R])'+)H$P
A7M5[F41+-EW
AW&B\

4I*^A4!#^$

FC*B$&*V.25-X$]P+JB46(+69^D/5E:*

VU


M?[CO@=A:-U?O]_Y9MIQ`


BEX4040S;GK@34%]VY2`;@5INY+Z.(
M#(`
@`R`/@F/VYEKJV
AL?33)(?B?L



C%XBSE?2Q3=W`#V&]FZ6:E)E*6O4I8/$I:M;ZR
MK$BQJN92/$WHG4ZG.85K[X7?Z03T#Z[Z'&2%X`KY\B:/)A'-A2@IJZ@(\**R
M
E/!T531C<H^^BM9]SF:R*Q7
LDGFG[FJK(

M7D3/1DRT'1@KW;5L
%.::Q#W`68$F+'A0IQEP%CUM22GC^3MLII5?RC_]YM;
MBG6S^IU]_^U^01\D_O!3FMWOD0:15=WQ+%=Q3%EQ+=G2@6Q6TE`\4_2?2D/9

8G8\$04G6-O9-Z]
7S+5AT=
MF


M9$\W-
]UB.^+CB[*HN.ZDE9IDJ';EMG`A=JDB2Y[(SW?&YNHX)X#VVF:(LF:
M+\O$K09%

M:;JF@+GS22T!3[&5GJGQ





MD.?+(`GII^EO:?+]&\WF+KUA40XG6$1%$'^EX3(K`R`?:7'L3
PW10LF+JYH


DI+
0?4^Q?%_6JF%0+<UNQ




5R.&;GNV
MJENR9WM.-=$W9
?PFWY'OPBDQ76;SB&:BF6#%*Q%$-W/5VO)-YMM-;OZ.]


M?*L33^P+K0\E?)IN#0CMF4.KJJMHMD-
3;)%U3!




!?C9


M:G-Z\FP@K-N.GLA)LNE:MJWKOJ:;Q%)=0Y/J)5+B&&)CH_KS*TK==OE4J#JZ

MRX






2U%A*#W+

WX:)3'4
EEB.





_S-%/2


M:[/)NZWJDJ';T!VM'B&@Z:;_HVX+V;30GZ-V`=FZ:1FV:K%3J)KL^ZKOUJ.B


M-CB_GJ@XA



M1.K@CS4FVMM



92AHJG$F)KQ#1TBSA6
MM45CFT2I-Q/;60+8#M&__A&^;MFNKQ/7UER3SOF*HJT7I[;EDGK6BEQCA=WZ

M/[.



CZY6C
MS-N)S




M/6H30R$VXEZL


;66_H`.T)YNR$U[4;W)Q+K$@D@%W!KN*PJ]K0

M.)?^SO*!TF?Z


M;1^8OJ7K%A



MJUH[Q3)%
4EU[?.QE^WK#O705S5/


7Y


%Z\F%[XC:49&)9&N=/6Z:<1ZK(RT[DJO]*@Z]\:C5KVM3_S

MK7ITUO2K
?;I7-0^`1_ZTE-PJKFR%NINP#1JO

MS)-)
J)\2BF2OEY
KV7TM\SCR7)&N6\2L]%C_Y3%J]K\*

S\KOS:4PC)!K4Q5(RD9+YF%J[
MWNF=U.X4%N5C!73^*C(;R4F_TOGH.@^F=&H24KR\KGT?V.)2?\]L%WG)!^E


M/5NGG'V?9]()O6%CL&B^
M2M=/?J?V-?O?Z%U5?O_N9D/IHMR[:ECU'V-ZN0
MC5@I2[(HXX





F


TW__V@_7F$B3:??%4;


M6U7EP%%





]I-VRWTR

MM6&^V?P3D]E8%)N?%]L=]_-IE

Z)`

M_C!=9L44\.\N_*_6&53TFL#=6^T\U9[`G
=O7&!C`OX#_X'_P'_@/P+9!_XC
M8F@I0/2X2HU&LYB;)B_0QM\^HCA*FS)6PAQ-LVXT@UL?3%%&LNEL'%@`+-`W










M(`&0P
!)0`8)@`1``H



4QP!C@!'@
01X`CP!'@B+-=

T'Y:K6?9,\[]$D##V)+HU98$MBVQ;0F.`$<<
M2D1QZP(.C@!'@/ZR!&((\`1X`AP!


WEOOJ8



MAD5NO5&W[
;$0+CI/YQM


!`RP`%@`+#)L%
M-'[RT**
Y*4LT%3/T^ZG5W[

@(?-<7Y,#X`#X/!<V]S._#:%SR@4.W\
M-=R



!6

R;D+*!]VJPK+\BWAMB\C_-S^]#J$40#HKD*T5@@


M3
I0JHC\9+8LXG'C.3G0+'+?#;I5-XB9WQ)-^*%O.FP#T8!H0#2O$@U$WD$T



M0%$#BAI:B/`&+L\
<RQ$H


MSJH!5A9?I#R=)6/I'W+Y9S!51IQ;$G`R*VCZ5


M.DV'E2`Z$!V([FI$1ZYN


ELR7])_21=Q5MJ7744M3?^I2$N[)(^+*,G*[Z<6^2-.)M'\X5:J?_,Y
MGF]Q=OR[:9+M\GNU(;]?L^B:7DMF'%-_7)GR+:.)AJ&R7=P%UE<1%_60_OU
MF%&2FCU)]&VHG9=)/JU&;QS?%[=22-V:(D-$*^F-(N`XU]X_UZS__I_OE_EW




MSE]5=U7[5T4]_=NK6$Z6KP7AS$M%B9'

M

K05(!T_IN_^5K.5M6;`DQ
V_W=JP@84W!+I^!:3IL:





?$V0O#`MI]L%H69U6Z!:!AO9BF:#.!BF3Z.H
!SVBJ:0V7`:H\!C?1
M7J/-#_2F-WO&@0=-!33U(0PK430VBQ-P%:N3;




\JP9@_*P^/`=@ZR!@
MB.#B_EE-C_I7WLA+ZAU'W&JG)$?*1A9\6//2*Z/\55Z3_X=LO)I=&]\;C(N
MC).&$Q4L0M:98.B:FQ;K0$W7[

9:93&=V&RB9QP
M.V`EX;]'7CZ99OXR[T+G:OIVDT#M67R738T&5
_[*!%UFG!)DG_


ME3YHZ:T@#D6M=8P
KZ
#Q35G0_/Z!R]WB%Z
$0I43$
P%XP-%%UDG4$3J?E=

M(Z;/A44KGCJE^6




/%

OF*3\OCN?Y



M
H_''_RR^?--PB4:(1`V1A$M='0(.[_FCS2!#OAS3;YE!PRB]V!0SXTO\);F

M+?Z4Z'!V7$^.BW\U;XID%[HK]PIWG.J9R]R[(#TJ`?5R?KY7I-K.8IENKZH_
M[Q6V:IKSXO.RJ:IE\26-L
AFMY0E5VO@VRQ]HIW'XL_;8OF&OW/.#1/=:J9
M/C#M#6D[8KZK3^I44YOLR1S,YW%]A/

]&R
MK8%


MO@.1_CW+QUZJ(SXNI[E-0MU



;4
M%:7OA'*:
[/O]Y!TH_-[^
M$KUA.VP:


M7`(7$WVZXUU-


WX]HL5HQI\GS]C_GBGR\/9$]\Y&7TUC
M]\CXP^&[Q?QHOVI.?'6P'.2LV;_QA\D2\\TR0;KJ[;R%&#=OED.V#\&
/YQ



MU7!-X'J:W(]R









KJ?-HOT@&YT#S=&=TCUMTJ0V76][ROAIF2.P(L$ZPP6`<M



F%24K2#9Y_`2E^I1P$DM&B6MY;D_:-:'#7E





M0BS@;9
R?


M_/M=Z20%H0V


<0^6Q:BX8-)OH;H[EDS

:ZA
M'S'_=7-4E8(%K
D$2X(4Y+VG=E


:41J
$`!TWGWO;5A@:G.<
M8ED$@-51'9189U8UX\$
N@`I.G*.C/P;WZR.C`3PG-$IX*_F43#;`T;#N!\.
MC@PK$AXYN-O8JIF33%(6B6!4(1S[AHS(1CP(ZQ018Z^+DIO9RJRVAGI!/1$`


5SR

[[Q?P?J[(IY\M%\WEUT-;3NFSJNT\B

M)=HS@SPAX'+

MV
1*/
ML(`00%;5G]\A/8_TFJ

J;1('[N7DTK-O$'(_
M./QTC+


MV:TG!#9RX+/`26][.M\IARZ90THQCH2+`'91B34B-@Y3/+2'C(T
[&Z9VW=9


MW

7L@DI%
:

1K67NJCJI9K/U-7][!;`E



92
H[O9

$6OI:M3P38_8W;MFR


M]%P


M17=_52;#OV:Y2JQ'`56@:GX:/E`%JD`5K2I0!:J51Q6M*BKCJ)SPC*-_
V]]
MV)(J3]MY
J0





MNV









W_)T
M*P\:Q86N8+QGC

Z2I!%R**:N5--PT:H


MLR*56@`?X%
%GTL.:&$A&0`0``+`50`;Y&````$@`P*PQ^!L3IK@Y8L@CK




8F3L
M'WU\EF4QPJQJ'@UT#T/*L_:!Y44L+QK95I4'L1;``E@`VT7$`-BEB&&MDOC


K&76'[





ME

MJ5`#RI=`%;\7TAL6WU]V=QSOC_]XG/+#&TJG[Z^\
1NF`?LZZ@5!Y&5W]77T
M3=BGE]W_M3S]6KR;
_&_?W_Z[1^$?%QS[B1*A3%^
^Z87MAY_#
QK(*
RK
M

<Z2BFHFY;4C\8!PRU]YSX5.R0T<3




M[!0EA)4(?P:J0%4;JBY0!:I`U094T:H5:!J!:IH58$J4+45;2JY4.UO!4*
MP#&:7#-+::XXE/VE

%LLIT$/AWX@9_\4N5F.Z\[E*$BB+YG5J\Q



%_
MX#_P'_@/_
=
^\!_X#_P'_B/!?60LBVA-]I9W/X`MR5;KOGT1[A4CIYZ24IC


1NF`?LZZF6K

X+Y





M9=TJK]


_36;$#31=X``_@`3R`
M!_!0


DC0.2122:4!#0CEGF^_/O7.Q[E+&#K2.FDUC+%CM056A




MWS]QD*5G6E&'^J
`&_E]^:'#*)[08.6Q'7G



K6(RK&60J


MGJ\!Z;HJ#?AYOISQCH0LD36`Z43NRBM7/J9^(G[TOVRHRN
*7)5;J=_JC:

MH`MTMVAUBYN2+SNZ2G





ML4_&C'B9#8D?9M]&PI#D5EJ23!B5KT*^FOMCAVPD[GE(!BP4GY*L+BB?2577
M=3H?I(TS**BL'SHK&$I2+I
WN'!I?R2H$E=+PVC`67R;)4KXX3051QW\SFY9


M4+\]A\D3DZ/CS7(
J+WA



M#BI

6#/2U(:K-\B]FG

MGOA!0
8L&
H)M)A-(V&1\(;(^
S52<$.6IW+4Q9=;!A*5&#-\+:'W`


ZIB$?

*Y(#A21#\Y(
P1VX`W?@#MP9
M

/B\[%F=-WZI?M

8VC6Y_+G2Y&44S\
MI8WMRB.)IFM_#5
?G1E

MW

M.!4=$Y/!S#7;M_$






FF`JZ[(@BGO$1H`#8`&Y-&`EK)]2TQYC\5.


2?%Q['8T/H1&'A.J6)RBDRFMP&


Y+
MY#(YU=565F9Z!ZZA^Y50/=RS,(N@@=I7-IJ:*\:_/CE[HHAW*LWN=^D?-/

I






'#4'H*H3GL)IT&ECZU9/;*:6WAOTM9\S
MY;GF.3
IW.




B]L$^

U

M$$.




M^I'[12X*\XK3WX

X&RV``:NF;X&YILYW&
MH4*XG=&J6`@+`NZN%M


M.9[C#^3U6


MUUK):QX^.'VH8B`];_&:MR?UD_1WY9J#^]]WM\97=QB/U8_JGA=$*&_WG&DD




HAG



!#X7GH=+0U


C.YO#JCO?)`%-:&JPV(7%H@(9%G*W)Z51H@(9%88.NOKCS^B/?]=XI;``J
A

M%



98#7V)2&@
&H/&H#%K






M?QRY2U\FP`(L_;D%=CLWOR*U`.B`3KVMU2:W.YN`AS$QP;%

MT&V2J?`JO`JOPJN*8J\J_J_`JXTU5R-S@]4M(7^'ZRK3QFU?I7_2M.?5
MRV[NHL`7UV


$#/-R'5VOM!N
#/

M!I
WV:8L:!YJ!T;.RO*F-1

M&)]?W#48_'*.N]B%RB0ZQB&BE1J(PO&'^H(X._CO^E/:A^V

FD5_=83Q6/ZI[7'B

5EP_V:N;!_!M#Y^).7B/H<D0Q9NK=R_:

O\TWI
MV\`;SC^G'T5ROT+:9G9K.[H:Y6V3PJHU_H/_X#_X#_YCE'WP'_PGIWWI,LVN
MYTDVLS#9DA#S2?4;O`I50I6,L`_^@__@/_@/_F.F???[&;5=KW@LVHG&J<E




M^V59AN.*5ZA

MP`

#
)A5CZMN1]L8


X$%5#Q;.FC'K.F@Q?:







#D@M3+Y?H-K(4U(DQ'V

?M\FKS-^(:S8H

\O
M-MQE86AU=)6JP4:H*'@-'3KVNJ&0`


#-







B1#$

MMQK7:)*AFDW`PYB8X%BF']-2'V
.7V8V\3;)5'@57H57X55%


WOLMBS5RPI7&[5K?(


7;!M#OPX!
M$H`!&(`!V'B`]=7ZA5NXA5L&7@`&8`!FXUR1*M4@:MY/DK^F2@[&=E\8+4&

U2%IS/('#)W0#Q$
M8Q%5`Z50^50.=-4KEMK=#+*1$#E4#E4#I4S0.5.K5;-UEBK_5+$85'`]%`


MH_
@V46(Y/#
=.-+Y28G4=




M'YP^5S&0GK=XS=N3^DGZNW+:P?WONUOCJSN







X3=?*R]Y[C
MRZD9TQ=MIC9N;H/FH7D'5SYK=-`\-`_-0_
JHWGMK%+3T3PT#\U#\PS4O-/\



AL&JC'8
:J6E0F/R815&
M*$BI+BDM0`$40&&BQ40+*O:8:&F+$51A_`M8W\C/PX*^$$L(Q'*@72_I`UJ
MB.01*B=47JS!#L``#,``#,``#,``#,``#,``;.]HB0%!$7TNTQ_\-7.C^5&4
M--TAZ94W2$Z1.\F_A')(`)*P_.$!5X8AJ(`*J@]%:=675L=QBKL5H%*95%A
M`($*J&``R3W=85-Y8X/3(?09^$.L_BFS$PZ:;&P\K5F$W/8U754&OUQ]JZJC
RT_U/C@&^04#7&--U2Q:*ID1/*5K4@&'X**!:-EF=S<#15L(HM*[=X
M$RB(BB:%$`JRWH3ZJ!NWP&PW60N:DZYULJ$=E9:65ZYON
/7%I9T@KLN-*/
M_^`_^`_^@_\891_\!__9VS[EJIFH;Q+^7L9B
';\SU*XOAC*6]I1OF`M;66N


`454`$5


#*A=N
M4HW/'V92;*]HW%EU;=Q5`2_^Y5%A?`^5$#%^@B+8F5\0-22DR*/E`8-HA
MX#P[LAZ64\Q?W;KI.L!%

6


M/Y9G&C0](

.7YY1M2K8'K^T



EKWGXX/0.Q$!ZWN(U;T_J)^GOZO$
[G]_PL0W[D1&XKW\*CX%
M$V=-UKZZPWBL?E3WN'`




IQO1NS52#YWMG



M._^+C+[;?WBS@]\]W&LC@]XBNY\A*9:B
^+A/_@/_H/_X#^&V@?_P7]R.I*7

-@JHQU5Q-3SU$?E51HEG_-W.EDM]


;722`YF8;I36A.^S3^4C!*
Q@&JS+:
:B5EHI3;0D\51B@`*6ZH&B+

E1!!51`!51`!51`!51`!51`17Y];4Q.A-#G4A]B





:E;&
JAE).T

M+]%-SD/(-V'X?GT?)0O\F[LH\
6YYT31DKV^NO[)1/T]BH/!GX357C@
8+?U
MG8;;9)
RGP(@F$TPF]TB=HL`#
``#
``#
``#


+#L

MP``
P``
P``


M/
YNL


7MG3C]5Z1^




''69.ZK.XS'

4N1'HQ;T^:U@\;G?(Q
M`(LW[ON^7L[?Q_UQ?]Q?WO?WG.HLWW6
`K0;)K&Y3L7.@V1T2AJYJ)_26W/B




@


$.
MP``

Q^6C*X*^9&\U/IZ09$$GK
MO$%RL-Q)_B640T*2!.H/#\$R0D$%5$`%5$`%5$`%5$`%5$!%?FUL3$Y[T.=2





P``
P``
P``
P%B8F1)%
2!8\N@2
M


W?8C5/]6$+RG]D&Q5$7)D


MS
\?+DZI+.AR-)*#..F=<_EMD2_UR8FE.)__G'33<:)QX8/`BR]+
M7K%AR*INA'A[&U5X6
]X_T?;

X?A-*)I#B]D/.??DR.7*9)9HX_
MG/]P^=?


B@\&SH03BS.Y&?7]]7%)#E+_U91Q1Q?TMK0[[RQU()_ALP

M07V.J3X=*Z

MU'
?1G/^.1

MJSN


MZJ?TWIPX.:+P
'`G.[KSL7R^[QM
L-N=+2'

F?PN#*!(?PV#D[G+8;&LJBP973ULV8%D`H8%Q
M96GH='K0``W0



MQY89J\NLV/U3^)TOL;^45Q^FR;=,-_L0TLC`UHVFU74Z&\^2DOOH0OX4OX
M$KZ$+^%+U?2E/=*YM]M&K1=[RO[.CV4HHUC(^62])GR9R:GJLNQ*-_35
2C[




ME:
@E(L.`^+&^991)E))@JC=MK;RH:4/CG)P-H_QL21@M5KZ%GV`!5B`=7^R
M%K``[`RV)W3&3DA_Q3JH&ZK#@XV`UJ6L9-=XFU%;_VPC'J0E;)](3=.?8+


8_QC^H

MTV*.P7590K




B



M5*\U8












*!JR_\0VX)3

M2C?UY627?=-Y;P
@[-7CRFHV``NP`$M_$PY]'3@`[``*[M]00`#,`[?UM#
M7\6?TH-UX





EA2$^]EG%05OG&^$0=E]X'=
MAU(


M
;@N2VA69VY



M!

MQ/-@

MM@)5\`__\%\P_JVVMHHX\`__\%\P_D^;/6WG)\F30AP0AQ*)0TM?9^JR3`YH
M\I!U.;P7(I1&5\@K2XW

MBAY^2C8M07_0'^V)B^@/^F.J_=`?0_7'ZN16F`7]07_0'_0GL\3-;:U2YL`3





MDU?42`*2H$D2_D`2D`0D`4FX?]O[P']EG;\-G-QX^#T
A%!+J`+I1PZ7[I
H.#YP3'#(A<\U^=-YT&4YA_O&G2D\-IW;[,S.DI&P40*)IJX$5<6;JV.
M6G#G=G@=F$7=K6QVZBU.AG5UX)=V(7=HD2Y*%8
UW!M`M=VK]9M')_KLHS)


\P$/ZMBY]
MD*$!&AX90VLK



T+W':#)$[`


/+8T
E;=K%^`$I)2:%\0,JH&)]
M^U3;8:DJC!_'*B17]7_Y5\S-[X3KI^L^H62*5]=993T)8QFMY$[=)W0I3WA


MPO5+2%_A^@K+^


`+.UE55KZLN@`[``
MZV%W3F/DA/Q3J(.ZK?HUU#L4X


M\8_Q#^J*0AWCGU%I3#9I3%ND

MO5F_%!0F#VP':U5SXK*O.%9S1H/&H7'[VBJSE#DT#HU#X]`X`S3.RBJ=`8U#
MX]`X-




M_




/J7)KP)X?``
P``.P\0#G6-&((T^F^!M0EQMJ
M1F5&90`N

,ROF,ROH+$%8ND+9+
WXPH-FN&]N1Y8+M#N@+W-PDU&J.6'1
MPT_)YB7H#_JC/7


MEB
YG`=_KV


MH]^I6_;5R:_?/8M5N]ZX$QF)]_*K^!1




NO9:W)YW&#QOE^+'T+]YH[?N^O=]8E/?E\X5[

M$JY$&`R.`6/A8'MRD5'QDZ(``S`O`;.^CJTX





MRS9;^AK_5OX@/`?=00NTCC`A+_X(UW[=KO\@KK\?U?K3T/62
:V=CFGM#


]9MO.ZKL:;]P\#S1_.73+
[.)!%9S2
M6;:^PV!EG]*Q6F*U!%J&#&LE&[V:KUM/K9;^W\R7:A2S[62QI/Z;Q=(2KUI=
MWT%F4]R`Y9(Y(Q%$E($(%DS;+IC^G^//G#!9--DLFEX&C3`X:R:#1BK(JB!9









#UJ@E0%:VH(%@`58@+4R9M7U


[T9!^-4)AYFL
^Q6BNK^V
M_@[;6K#P_1\:&FN$;K!9(3PHWYE*5M)6T;XUZ!ZZMZ7%N@UMY[G0/70/W4/W

MS?0.
Z9Q

MZ
L=7'RZW?/:=7F-^Y$1N*]_H^!1/G

M#@IVMR:2IWSH):2?7TMO[YAWTTOO9KTBW#YW\V;M4U:\\M$@5U=JG5ZGJQZL
M/_]]U6W]()PXWB/-MY+7/+CNW/$&TO


ME
4;]WU?)^?OX_ZX/^Z/^]/[?1K.YZXG.;+4W3?4DHLMBV`_TVR&_^%_^!_^

M@BJH%@)51M6
SGYN62;HD4


M/_B/0?;!?_`?_`?_P7\
M



M/20`4`*BP!768!2``24&4):&O;0C;E
.8XAU9#[T9-[TL])@,8B`&8BFU]U:@`58@`58@`58A0!+WZDXP`(LP%JF
M#0)69N'#DD4)WR5%'F449Q8F+!P\A-AWO$_&&&B`!FBH``W:2NY``S1``S1`
M0VEH($$7&J`!&DA4V]&R'SW'%U



MZQD;-)28AE-M&[L





8B($8B($8B($8
MB($8B!V

MR'):!A=P`1=P`1=P`1=P`1?5YB*K!+OB][:XG$R]X$XJVZI_#-W;65*L*Y.@

SB#
SB#
SB#
SB#
SB#L[DYY/:^.S1'

M#3
<'@SU___C<A?GGJ





9B??RJ_@4*`

MBE'@*5.JKQI\XGTM)EZHO%8Q.J?IZ&,G6_G4R5.9+C9P-E?)$


M$_.LA)5D$`55#-#-;^^7*`*JJ!Z`*H9':$#55M1*P-^Y7
?@P5+

?^@T8/V\

+65G+8E

1SP2MM4PA3

95!%5U&$Q

?/+U3_S\
MRT^SZ-5GQYF^N1Z
Y7#FR0^C90N1=\M6(;\YKO][$$7O_.O8B67RMP^C*]=W







5KWI[4

M:5];9!&E%_/VI-']8:.F/1;7Q1NM/=]GVSE_X=[OJQ?E0KG!H][@;GEZ6V8W
TX4N2/E0TE0J;P.:!S`%9Z`).'1
MGTZ3`.G+FUUY7<\G.0@^^^IO9JB'FI]=.J&OGACS,^9GS^P'_;#?L<J`Y!M








MBY65+

MSP?
=HLI^;DEB,[R,X6F=X=9`?907:0G5QEY[33U6V3I_0TU^!KRIU$5:B


M3
A'
XBAV


MGJO19V0+V4*V#+#/@;)EUXLN6^?!9!(




G


MB5!Z:?YH'*B7A6*V8D


M_;Y642[4[!O
I
?)\4-P19I58S_LA_T

XFI)


M@N%9;4?7


\[=*ABC:!.@@S(RH(L?;5_RTY6Y4-_OTO'
M%_\9?9^0_#O^%-$G*?
T8X6R4[P``\//-2US=/*PL.Q6@$6_\3F?2O`\UD8



A9I]@]1#+LD
&_MA/^RG?RN.G@(Y.5UQW84Q%`TK

MBM%2X/B*4Q3#T5*@!
Y6P:I'O7:M2]'S
BH2=!V?+JO=K'7`*\LYYRX[]L7?
M#CQ6P0KDJVCVRZ'\A'A4=:*\IL0539&_W
Y6%REG56-)8(V)]29/
Y`@)`@)



3(#2?J19.)&Z=/5GP=NX.Q





B!+








EO7;9OR'+,.%AQ_+#KZ^(,&
ME$D#FOKC*8\1S0`#4`#=MEJZ*`!!Z\=*+_Y*









M%8ZB#I%$EN@$UN\3)J`!&J!A\3X+&@X.OVFI4%K\&=A_.V'H^#&UU\T8GBI?
M`Y980QZQALJ`.;=CU[9L?1X(HB`*HB!J

%P\^;/TL

QF+=_X@F$CQ48;B.@V6
MC<)@(L[5JUU_IBY5?)C*T)D?#^G'\[Z&3I(0&`?BYBX*_%T.29(3HXGI*A[B
MPG_P'Q,/`1;_$/Q:K<NSI.[S,;DT?@M07WNR33ZV[<;P,5N/V:^;'NIP`+H
MZ`

I!M$F)L72#%M;
0YXNSBR5,]!Q_=,=S_CLZG
MX5IV=/O@/_@/_F/FF%?\+33S3C98IE*[K_;KVUMYY%


A*S7+7WK






E\H0SF(-AO`(C_`(C_!8


M(:!5?+3H-&Y\[-

M*5[RHUFQD/*.2


REE.OFT#
MRC






M#&:

&FK
M)\Z1:XY4`];*Z0O``BS`





\UF^!_^A__A?_A?


MG64BE2:'U1D-S=GW*CI\VFH2`A_P`=]N\.D[&09\P`=\&QIFR#A6U[.TVJGS


TXJG'&\P.

M_`?_P7^

MQBX)&I`%695`5GM%F1!%F05(O``8B`&8LOW]3CLE6%THUKMX[D2(:A3(XR

LYN(
[N(
[
MN(







M^;Z6ONTSTQ\\
H/
(#-


#J&657[Q'_P'
M_\%_\!^C[(/_X#_&';.PZT6??Y_/PE`J^V6P3BU/\UJ2[DBZ
S(45![$2/``
M+
!B[`(Q$`
Q$`


M.YE*/W)B-_#%O+!Z)E$P+78O`J:-W)K7E3Z


;4FIK]+EEA;




'3C.W&A7O/%B=TO4MLI@+UV^DP_CZ)OEV^3B^EOF5J
PX:F



V:&.4@SNX

Q*H-D



'WBQYA&+@

W7M_5BL
GMCZ0V%'WS_;Z^U




PF
R\]

`F6L_TNS$S.9

MUPY49..`FDZU%R%-*+?#ZZ4YHVXUM*VS-YY2+X('Y3MIT8
FU3S0/71O1]VS


IM\DNHSO(_.75*#(+H*P@]3F9S$
`%S83


B7)]\Q/(29\:L!LZO(HUE4:
MTG+L6[JZ=[?,ML!CA`)K\@FM-*?74Y\5##L*TO0L&&4\F/]RJ:=CD\4=X\

MW@7^
)/1JC(9?IV
4EW(\-N9Z









ML#_X:^9&;M(Z\)C
F6(.;9MU1=ISR^`TGBG/
WE?EJDC]H`5J`%J`%:`%:
M@!:@!6A!*;5@I\YD2``2@`0@`667@*PZTQ0_K/@NEUJMI:F:G$4]K++GME.8
M7



YGB.?G.
M1=`Y=`Z=RTOG6FU]B5GH'#J'SJ%S)NJ<SBPY=`Z=0^?0.1-U3F/*(C*'S%S
MR)R)



MZ/ZTZ8VZX3
O&/SYZ]__)L0OZR]\YW^1?AR$=_

M/:O9/[-/?OWN$:R:\\:=R$B\EU_%IV#B/*^(*V_W7%^^&L_+]%AV_8='P*0Y



-3%*?PIF\5-3C5MU[_-Y1A#^F4DLHS0%


M3P=]


M7SVCNL
G[IRVP[J.
MU?]

M^#JY/^[/Y.OD_HYY?YQ-IV*)B?8SS6;X'_Z'_^%_^%\Q[(?_X7_X'_Z'_^%_


JJ%8=52;`H`JJA453H@FHA4&4#*J@6@A4


R_AL
MGCM_'D1Q=)-\WHVZ^3
O&/SYZ]__)L0O3[WI:W\P4/:/E9]^#`-?_3B0$^G'
M4=\?GH\=_[.



MESRR50.$TDMO.@Z$

M7$XC'

M_&(H1S(
%Y^L_%_9(E5(_5:I*;


MX_%VZ`S59

MW=7]);_SE:4GJ=\_GGEMGAU9S6;G\J)CJ?_JMNM75W;C_&(Q.^J==2[.CC8[
M6GG/H]5D??JX='+R^^J'^HDEO
?JE;SFX8/3N:[R0\];O.;M2?TD_5U-Y`?W


MI**Q$\KEKVJ=X^3EM
5U-\9@--!$^U6W&-A5$B_?-HR9Z94L(B\FBJC).XW0



/]

MKZ53;-,?2W=0`NT0&L98VFV0`NT0L#M%IL&&:W;BW9\K2_Z'CEQ''HWL[F







+Y3#SF!PR2^P[0[<JAC`W:5F)T`T

MVMI7H1%H1-DTPNJB$6@$&H%&
(]`(]`(-&)O%]#:R-.4YYF\CXSOPARJ)WF!



M`_^

MU''VR?&F/'J$!J%!:(XF-
QHLHM]E3'$I;MJ!I,1DJI,E+JKYO:3EB;\BS
MGJ


M:YO
P@



YL[6%CVJ.'B5WP]=V?%\
K..


M6;)E$-MB:6I36WL$4QYDUG
T1``1*)L(:%O!F?(@$0%$`!'8+8Q#\5Q$`!&H

/:'S!+[SMMBB'
^I9HQC_ZK*=M`U@]`\


L%S


M@G2I/.


D4H4%H$)K
:[-G
MGTQORJ-':!`:A.980J.OWZ#QC_Y0H:E\/GPF529083)52I6I4G_=Z.FZ;U

M9-9S-$0`$2B9#2U9;V;\B`1`40`$=A)!QF`H@`(E!M$6AV$8%#(RFW03B4
MX?T#MJ;?1!1X[E#\1SW]3V6RC#27)-!D5F1Z5\
26\_4+0LR
.BK(+JOP4QQ

@B&
M_I16I7CR]4_\_




]_I[D-0\?/*\U
M
-%H_;`3SL3HLWFCM^;YVSM^7]_O*?G]Y^PO/

&_E/A_B-6_01S$05Q.Q+WS



M&:SY/!1CP2T]4W#2U^_=6\#,97$2V-^]Z@!5J@M3(G;.AKJ`5:H`5:RTR-



MX_`X/`Z/P^.




M=C`%&JI'`VEO^`]JNO*^)F7H#H]75B7M;7Z(KQ]%
MXKFZTZ.P2M6M?6MHHM
M_0X!VV]LO^VR?5#KZ*NP#%S`!5S+]_4:U




MV(X
W
#-V-!Z_K8L@OU


M7N]MX`WG'W3E1LH:XDY96TA_*(?B6DYC.;F5H;![-6'7K5T6U!SI.0!1I![_

3P7]A[8X

M4-ZGT]TXWW8J+$-\G_@^^T/X#_YCIGWP'_P'_\%_\!\S[8/_X#_DQSSUOEY;


/CD/+][-1L-A#SS&+4


#5M@MADI&+



+'
`!'!X*4T`#
M-)#V1MH;:JI#31NTN3DX7EF5M+?Y(;Y^%
EXKVRVZNP0M&I-2UOQQ]+O$+#]

CW?(V(=A$


6C`^U`V-EA7GKZCN0`F[@!FX;]J#T]9D`-W`#M[QRH
$-W
!M@[GT




M


'R*?Z7X\W


GO5J]
MW:DU-)Z!+X+?9+T*T3




MNI(KG4&&S13GYNO\-G'-
Z9?THV@VF?]MUQ:']7JOW6B<]7O-=O^B=WG6L*R+
M18O#ZM]=I%KB\
T^J+3058


T_1GUN*$4PBY
;6WY4X*DA





P`S

;




BQ'(*X?Z;II
%V_.W'S=UE8P`B(J0P3V
MP3X%BD&7?=I:E3#S?Z4Y-$8N.(V9Y9Y:M4:[6^LVLH^%K3M*=H;2[DOZ
OR(

\5W4+J2*EW&ABW(

V7;T9UR

S;\EQ5F];5YW
M6W*LN




I
MYS5=Q:4_E$.Q=N$[?NQB9%@

DJ($`C$*0G$1S&[CT<P3]_/`-[J<#IUEHP?_P7_P
M'_S'4/O@/_@/_H/_%#196VQ8M=S7JQDT%178Z5A:--O'U/`MI*M&5WSR97
M6C/E
68=^$4D(!228#500*0`2@PA(P=X&N;=G:?


M'=QEDDA2^A&-E#R[;FE;O,WV\M-\51%6_P+.(!#E7&`1J@`1K(6H(+N#


=(BCOO@/_H/_X#]&V0?_P7_P'_RG(*5.JI2&G_W^/'SJ9]+X9`AM
M1Z`VNE41SD;9VD*OQC_X0\-

M@$;AFRV


S65MX&VC).BRG#0:?L[CF#;I[:`J^F/
9#


`-W$P(+8$;N(%;_O$FN(
[N-L0A++U!:&VM$W%8U'0
M(TY9`I49/!;5#]%#NWGGSR]4_\_

'U_
M^


/NK[\[8_+]S?BT^7'#Y]NWKW_



EWJHR9J<%^^


+4\XB0AD[KB=#=4?)[Y$
O[@#*8;J


EKY#/[6:NHSY[2LHWBGO]Z+@_OFJ;W<\]=_JN4S4

M[




MD.M`&L=C^KX;=8?*NC
O7DQ^+NY\]:Z!N)I);_[\%KXY3%;&'Y+[S^%65C[D

MOGN@Y:L[C





MO!P
5HX!@2ZJ^`_^@__@/T;9!__!?_`?_`?_
=

#0@/ZP[P'A]SH
MF9=OR-&R:[:^2L.F/
I#@XD
*LA`M62@66O6M56&-.51(@/(`#*PPTVWE`IH
M:Y9BRI-$!5`!5&'FV[4&K:VPK2F/$E4`!5`!7:XZ291`20`:BR!)Q:M7I/
%H?X#@YL54?;Q[`F+=_/E?_[OJS)#GOP[*E

7;D'T8J6;3H0DY#.7#3R!QUL_)*3)M^?BF/.-#(6'O


M






B%7
C=?=_XZ'X)N(K;1?),7P;%
69A/9:AYOY][1Z1



=
^^`_)L8%#%CZ



=F%D4H6+;J0TU`.W#0R1*PUB;6V**JXXWTRT)28


UO2;B`+/'8K_J*?_
2%PO7X)V5:HZZNOFY_=C@
Q#8.I

\T
MFQ76_ZJG]AKS$BJB]RL1]Y]BY]:33[T^MPM;
9KG^O+56*9(6G;]AT?.ISUF

MDV2?VZKE=^F=CJ7UTE
/$F5.Y/6K&X]%D#;HN9UK/W/
M#R+]6B2R=2;EZ




MW3^^:*$





W^PD//+L[.^M_;H6


_






U*T#J[






A6.
MPS!I++AP-!@M4-#<2^<5&8N72HLN'CKE!K!!S)
6X+VK&BYE7GBR#N));%.

0%Q)`;&L
MML+





MR(NBPG&L#04

;

M?$R/#^)F04X]1#P




M\=*BK/WX^U+:+
^:B318R1S5$*]XH35G`K=3!98&O&KJD@/.K).Y@GN&TA%@
N!J]=EC<

MFP?J[NG\`Z!Q!/C_W
G4]=DRXEJX28/W$'@CZ=


BAGEKC5U
M5F&]]ABG..U23SS.89B.-.=$[A(&JM$@1C:5D:C

M\W



X;^:P4]2`(6@(([F5?CUA\'
AS



M`C(J*!.D-6CE#A&J

*!



.BSHAQDY=M^





KC^ZU
XUW


R26[`2)SH!Z$BRS;Z/^:K2?AC1U

]9C.N1'XPS]F9(3)E376
QI





BHI1K

M)QL6QS(@[#SU06H3B-`MIUAL:6`U*.0I@7*W,5R:E\RJJO3W)JM69*8RJ(
M



MX;0TFQ'
\14)J!M\;@/4='V+0:%=![4BU%^NPY



@V-NR
=P7J_

M@@-B%F/NF%4&[*!;589A#0LL8/*T(;N/P[Q3!'P&3Z4REELGJ54`&36QA`=C
MJR!;QV$;

NOKN*RT&CPWW!_6



LTJK)W=];]=ED_3-I6LVFK

5
.'S_/^SUPSOO]8C**4]GU&WE6



M


?%*(M8C2^RZ9OM%[#\
M6Y4
3RZPWCBIAG-6R'L<&8I:`L-8O5J`+1H.W[=/G`%&K0(IIB_<



6%AY
$

M





VUNUTUAF67()';FH
MH@:!V*\Z:?1Z5.J7O4&

/(5CJ31=;DEZS272J+/J]LKR)



M0)\:';R.3E/
8'@76?][G`&(\X@GR=EDG(R*&!P`E6+NR&@-HI4XZXV^3SO;
M?.L$6KMI/P+\-\J^]6+DE)P5Q??IYYJ!5S4O`-$W/%)CV+A



6!VM7VZOAL+BN;494N'%?[V4M(9-1.T-5?Z']*JCH
CN/UY
8

M_X!P]
1V1\@:W
?

ZMPD(!$
MB08I4L*';E
D4%69E7=E9:+6PU7
L^JJ7%3+9AA2SV#&SZHE5]\`5KMP'CS!



ODU




M



U@-*L]?)WWJ9^IWE=/M<-#W



MK`;0E@6BJA!4A..J2I:(5!YH@JTJV`V@0$I66

M-8WJE/93*?=9.!;)FV%ED_QNBQJ.N`E4UO'L]D%11]P'S@[XOPU.:*.QTW;L
M6+4JC[@=E]*O5

EBIJ:F:



MUMEQ:@F1P4:M









M^3)%IQ[D:V$(4
G;9AT=8*@^+M7
%2W/:/UQ*FK6=Q?!8-Q.P*&68H8#?V






^PDQLZC-YT7%]@!:ODU14F@62R9N7


5P4?MY8*..HN

7B\[2[2%86-

/


HOO0G;IN
M.-==S0;R-\/\G0!UAK_6;@/ZQ7BZ5<O'_H'9!;?HT-47AOIUG`C3'L4B&KS8
M!0H'B+]=M.<,@!O1SY;K7
&E%Y0RV%OQD7CLVA0V,R;R,#8CYO\'^%U%_






JXO=;:C=LX1WB&


M+.R^^(DM%V_?I465H\LX7BP'`R?QQA$P-0$4\XCF\S!U^]6*X9%%4JR*^I!K
M`48@!2970#'7]:E(FRO2H2:R%V_`
1/-=V]A[!@-[]L
?.2\:*I86'\E5Q;\





M?'


GZ


M1@UD0'2YU755E)+2#/_]^KLV^F3+&
OLZ^IF]`YK&W?&#=I65(^V=M
R#KIV
[7K9;5]`;&](TB5+\H\N:KPKV:E/_(TMI_$RIJ,
M9CIU:9'%$[@QB36^9O65C(V5-DJ4*K&)ZAB]15Y*WCV8DL`K94.K&-PS
;D

MK@C%)3A


M1I.T19@(8/?[7!R(\

M?0'FOPPTPIS(;Q)^D_![P=0W;])^$W;Q)^KY+Z)N'W9.&W5RSA^#1WR$9`
MG^H;''7Z_+R?&[\G\T[
^7C5

]'/)'\F^CDA_$SR




FI3MQ[NES[ND@]F24KGHY6BAP8MU3HK`7
MQKJ3TNTKW=$.\EX]YXX0_5=/X%K_88/\V$:NUZ;L
1XL@\.1%X=/R)
:D;


M96;9:I7-DS)AQ8545+

M216
#2??(6!OC)IT2`A:9%P(:WS9!7G`*:TJ,H*2R[CK
U37XAE9F4LWDU




.`#XG.`3BI9OBH0$?$@.-+_
M5

M$&+A.@5NG.
4&4V/M]%R=L/2@H

)PJN-[5-
5DL(V(1&Q$7L3



$%BSX@;?P)#T.XC)FV3)&KH'T48I
3A6DGZ%







G10S`S*!@R9,5&G9
M;9I_**&M&$MQ!]*Y9J4!4[P:[!3EQ69&JBLEW$'-9:0`FH(=3-9(_3GL[_
M#7R+B@,6R;\C+@5U3XJS8+4&I@;H#F+#I(0UCD)(+)U%^@@$.U=
31OX.VO
M

2LV;BC7E%(PSSBFW9`ORMUJ-'NQ78'HQ2$#52!?Y/\I^X
M\2]A6K8B/Y_[V;4UW`C886S!2`]``U(:Z.GZHC9'N*P4\B?G[FB-[LO';





MJ98E'@]42]!44P)3@;X'N)`L%GBN1#21S;CIRSO`)V`%+?=.WG4_@\8V





MO.K#\INXB.:[FJH;JVH1J^[M;PZJ'1HP)5/7%XE8?A#4W9#2U3=C39LSU-




M_-E'6$@%K/TZWZ;80-IG/


-S9$]@2G%LRQ_`E'.2F%(.
MC2E-]5W7BXS`



MT/=!NNB17$MBS5.

!?]%S#U61;4R+-$DP7*9%A
M;J/)E$\02WL1D]MDTGR(D_F[U(_721DO=^#+-`(-?9904TS'
A39C((:7Y'J

M?OAR-
T)5=MT0Q!@NB[[?F@+^O)5P_1Z^+(.@J^/;
X`Q/G[W(^7RR%E^CJ]
M(M4&2\0)
3RC@HGOZ[;CRI'NZ'X`/KSK/MXKVHWAP6VI\\P_\.[Q']DJ3C`8









_I2IXA$3@




M9)ARP^:AN%V^`Y^6:NJNHSFJ:X'D

@


M4L.NPU)?UT(M
'Q;-G0]T$S-K1-E#$OM1^G/$[-/Y_?]8JQ*X!J!'OBR8QE6



[[SAJ+




7G2J6




MC_0






B#O\NUO&L




M-H:.C)#Q!9EBVB/+L=.F@$/;&Y
]






]^I#@
-V:





Q










M0*F1'0SY&*JBG)YH/[J`AW5=#0';`+'EFW?]QTK$(C392T(AWC5?@Z*&Q-H
M(T`CWO-#!SP9\,$SY0%T+:B1D

M]9O


M=8UR$SRQ

M)=+!CM&44-
Y)9BV;FY$LB@TJ
CJPVNE)3QYB0\%VUQ'A34%5F#)CN6`M0Y:






S

)0O%U4XY`
MZ2N.[8@0I.
97NCUJ

&






MA

M_7



M6UC)(5V

M!A\/0`MQS($`6.1D
$QX9)C3RBJO5]NH3#+W(CV#F7K`&Q[3Y*


M%[49SNLV`GC_JJMVOQ4I+B!2PI9ACG&
*GF-\VCL)N**TYN




WAI
6V.A-[ULSO^I5_7ZR
M8$`C'=8(7Y^.`-[/P'O::C2Z27^OI_/E=Y-*XU_C5)7?ZRH!9F]ZWZZ:_E6O

U'O2JV6QQ/5UR^#EPJ5[5
:CNCE4WA)*(^W32



MVUJ\8R4)..T!((9)AQ7/]8Y&6[P#WWPV@/`9QI96R!--4HD]UTI:MA9V4%KP

MS
QFG:7
.8
MP2X`2`X[W@+,1:A)T695[#H#L&(.8]
$1F@B$F*;P1G[T2

\L08SC5


MXC_KB#Y))(6%-%@*PEF(F%!BF
^1%&N2%WL&1Z\&BP/GEZX]J2*


M7*VIH!3^2:+EB'FA%MO7L&\G*O/.%5?S*_J-G?KA4PN$5D%5(=(P`K'@(AW
M*IN@PKJ87/8'[EZOGPW\]!LI0&G).6

K+)K*,JOY\C`\/Y^)#*ENSS9.4[&1P=\S.DX&.;/CN&A
MXY?@H!`1EG!C(


%
5*ZKVV:^T01LI%


#1K-?.@*04









)
M(PH&

M'&\\[:]4GC@;-$\IGQ\


-F=CU+
M^@K5N%</AY-VWNDU0CP.6EM)=6%Z60.1IN$%D9W@C:XM'=55Z
D&`'W_@;W
M!J-YT_LV:;\`_?Z?ZGKZ]_]6!

MF7V9_=J[&R7H)A`4)&D'SJ9BLFB75[6:^MY!2]WTE;9`F'P9O4JVG5SM_T







IKE8KE\D8LHQO*L`Z*0;/`2L]`-;D
M$)?N9^F6QH/L`+;6






M;CMNZWH()GTY:;]``#]9UWP]H-#[F`J]-`I#$U4D*$B+D'9R17_3JA(OZE
%
MOF?NC[?DX!8_%BHKQ2UE3



G=^AQNG


*^&T
M_=Z#


F8]$%K(002W*ULG?X1DEIW3QPD4]!Y[:-#)0B
M''3JC?+,$*68KK4\G$/61V3D[-ATKFR8_P%E610QEK-;+[)YX8`\=0U3U\P+
M*I!H14






M?
2&63!78-.$I

\DW6*S;RL?O0GM_NWWEH'^'LX_I


MXL!NJZ1%)#KL0+QJM(TT6:/G(&T@9(_E/0V-VT0+@Q6K/96@X$A*$Q-J&QJ)
M







OOEVU&H`Q]


MG^G_V



M`TV/@?C/R

M^WV1+^!R\D\*^N:1RRT];4]6R9S:^+[]S]4#1?)G)2=O']'
RP?7$\?)HC

L['K6NJNLDJ
MLV0;*/-FPPE.MJ$D^A2N-H)$N9(!NP9PG]#=+#H*(3UN?2A_)$GB(C7(#E?5

S_A46Z0C]/GAT5HJ:Q7*U]Y)\Z`7TL8B/4AICKAE7*7'JA
`N
_



P[=+M`!



;\B8*MFDO*'V&N[TCS[W'!RI7(;F@8($JHQFQ<)D*79/-



MC[

S)NV!WZ&'(J4R#+5F'JQ=OL
K^=+U)OX:=)*O98%)`-6W$@
M]CR!;S.X%&^'T^+!S1IVNK61VN@PS98893VBM:=GSK:/D@9[\0?]BUQY]\


0^0G)5ND!YT
MG=5
(4DLRJRE[5SGI&@!GRX;Q81]B*
^`TY-?9^^'G)$Y`PW12YGNNDJWR






#1FHT2VN'[_*?A'POP&^^O'O$W]/R_$[KR%#3/




MG*EW64H8#N=W:93
I\D\+S#;4M=+X3&=_VLZO


V8UT*N+J%^G
MJ;\0JUV,\EAHD1JDTV)D0DKB-4@2%ZK3R[J'F*XH[K+GLG/4Y]GP?/P3W&0A
M7=LWJ3B9UO=E\OG%[0NK@9+47&KN$`A#3OTJ/&EK4*H?:\.+\N6^[;.?1!+
M5BRLKKV?LMG'Y=7Y.$T5*/K:P!183BXG-ZG\Y`']A5N4%B(VI7M]C!*



M$+9W9JI('#


M.06W$04*JIY236542B





M;)YF7Y9/`W)*'5M



#/6ISJ;9-3:*N&D&
:QGQ/$Y
OD





%S%*F[PCD:
MA`/66-\


M5MBK@WD9NQPL\T$^'B^R9?'(?#RX+
.6@Q*JL5C0=(4G_LT`CMYB]7#X.QN/

%Y%8W\VD]I71=<5#KO[3[!Q^^
ZM#.A%:KL:3GO-

_#0^KPT//MEV;'K7$9
M.;3+=EI+BQRBMN(Q!P46M4(YTYON'`@\BI;R`5$KV71PU[PMO'!






M:'/$N!D&MC=-($8^Q2\4$\8FVX-)][H1Y%5`OXS)@/C
1:9ENQXFE+B!IXZ+
M\T
?88NQA0
URE'
M5:VZFSB_$V55LE95J'VJO/Y%1599JA@RKF=[4VVBV3R_(J!J%YZ)9*3G.2*



MZOM\O]

Y.W)]@

MR=W
:-5
;M/
[%I;-IMK@B!L)PC;1;D2I8L01GO1@#H-J%X.Z@)-J]F-SAW=





#+3IDMP`]5Z-NX\`$$-1#4



M&MFM_#M5'=G&%5KV^+O45(^RB8.AB(MJE\9PWZ\O_('#?)$N[3]-`^6P?I.
MX3WY@V4:A;`CHZZVI/WZ:+QOZCIP)!0PM_G,;8YA&S/H(AAT@;HMHX
NDOW


M]H)L


M^:.$9?7]LL?%;;GX`&GH5%GS2O0^GG%UTMROUA\W_
Q(NA_/HKA3ON.V$U`2


M[D4ET@B;WVMUKK*-\549P\AZ1C;*C:XTB9$4QC!/TDXRC/O]1T
493*(2]$U





1_/
M+/O[M:JS*'^3&]&N]^U\8UON:TU#H8


MT`GH?!
Z685.#(+:$



W54X_P.AWIFK+8=M
IHI@QPDW?10&-.$91
M1

/Z0(B,,.V*KK$$@T?.^'!.Y5
MX[NBD^65BSXHH&V?F+HW@.^R&Q@VQ'X\P^B-&V(QV7'SWZ[W[;S9$+=E.R5T
M$#K8\(8VNX.067XD\\,CLQ_L=`7\`?X`?X`_P!_@#_`'^#M1_.E*TFYJ3G:2
MSNS3Y`H3+5FGWWP2R0#^^@:!&&0`_R\AI]#5
0X;-$+3[:GU#F6`9Q`C@`_
M@)^Z[`


T&:0)I.
M79HNR_OY/.AI[CIH`V@#:

#R(8SP










AM&V!6@NK-NR-PMJ6

X'
@
R`S.QF#8N!S(#
@


M!_`#^`'\-


`F:UA%FPDP@H
M!A2KN2J


TM4+TOX]N^6'G]BL\_OB^+]
-U



B?FW*




HY&W8D9#F$:;+_=\KU;5JKS5C5]:@8
^:&/(YL@


AJ6?I=TY

T
M

M?7-0OC2+-=:[-J+7:BKFS+K-Z/5N0)^\D@2:N/Z_K)

I7)BR_7&O:
V\?G22KV##PNU+S(P






M6NW9WWF?/2OLH@X







M]&)99=-)T3[W017/P+U2UC+F5
!*2J-DZYB)@#2WZYC7DO?[Z'@DM?=5GIUR


9S)05(QAM;T[35DF6]N/;

M2'2K


!0M6-S8H
1D-PMRTXB!ZR7!&P




E\6$C-GB']C*CY


!V

53Q/G:VN]9W($`L27798PR[DSJ
M)L?

^#UEAX
MCJ
4FBZ.5QG%A

G-]GD]'


MRQ0

M;#P!&_0VR^=;$Q^G5VNBO3Q-MKAQX^F+JSZKIY/YYL;:Z/9Z-C;UXM9;*K9E


27-IW`J$9+I#XU2)I


8LA(VR8UZ:G95$[
OX5R/DC.
MWI4W9]-\?X@9!G&\UPRG[B-%F#++'F#'XUKRWB`F#UW(]@V8Y-IAJH-!5G.E







YUIHXI#0D1&=_HAN&9$Q
MI#=\@&#RD`W:CZ0VW#-D+-6
+NSY6B<X_S;-#L*$<5F`C_!#IIUF^





Z@2KXF&P]F)?QSG&67

MQVLPS*W[^K5DWN'ZR^.TGNF+]!
^_@]02P
$%`````@`M$!R0SR_JZ\=*```








MC

+ZD

M6OZ4A)E^R](+:C@G%D)6H



M_4-C;[N(L#8_HS\RLKT!HA_Y


M9TFR*;M51`0F]9M1('OMM:
)
05RW!)H\NEZ-D?!EAN$C;Z=2(_3:J-7!!R2


MF*RJ(X^KNDM!'1KRN%Y'8NS\%6R-?)%PK]_&I`G+Y^:'ZXIAL-E1.Q9&EY

RXEYZ@JA

8H7QNL^3*.O*XVOFQIGZW
M)RQ/OHU^GN4Y9E%?-S'RXP1VK3A?E@S/BLTN+_V*@P4A[.`ZCSF7(5M*T'I

KP;4^,/B59#FL4P06
MIDD:_P<^H:=SG.(HYMWBZ(N6M*:0YFCIF@.;TGV$-/+LF!P;7V^(MFL#`)8
MP





M#5F%



XI;)MHAABL&Y(
.5T4_2-3978;T77

MF?%W^30'6Y+NP







M4XN&$*ZI&5':%VD(.Y0DCFCH^3(U\R%V^2HKX)

MG[V5(

/4S5!'
MFC$:OA2&10)E9-5I.Z1Y
U?!!^]B&@??
0L6('@.&YCPBO;@J]

M_*!_.'ED[;/_EA00=XH\,LGCY8E3G.JMY3B([P;%4_(ME

MEG.
(Q970KY?Q5'&IQ+5E;PP'-H6MIR!.[2&`VMD!8.1I@]+QDW+'8:&U:S?

#Z
1=E#4K&/-

W@I6`H1TY6C
5


1@Y&LB=Q;=8#5.
M84TMIF=I&M
G66'


1J:P`

Y$^DF`7J-GD'H_.BL^GSI[/XV)-)5]39R.=.SB
MT!OL=8/C14-?:\4]M



U)Z/E



M1(%N'ZLOHU?JU@K7?NG;8R9.VY:TH`]
;`



82\XD;!TU;9GA;NB9A]M_R
M5`W^6D-`86?T2/EAK8/N3LM3B.9W;)?*H4$$Z=.:XK&9@(XV/UC_50QR7C
X,)F`PYWZUES8EX$@B#7@9#[/J#





XC!'-#0Z29`'[NO6/[,X+7Z#X@NJXS85G0]&V$;
M^;Z$B43-=0(A$XE:`%4HVTV



M./%D]?KK399



EU(KRC.4H2J!TN=VS_
M7


KP[5#_:!Z2Y=OQ]55M
MJ[+GN*:!]$!NZK?WJU7MH%2I0##+QA2A-



1'*SG
MV4-H*QP.!V@(G!L:#@:V#XL:TW#?1[ZA^?WV1PB?#V2`UH\E6F4*74Z6%%PB

UC6'%92NK-XU55^U(^`M[(

?VAK3KM'M[JT




MZWU6.R9!3`


WFX'31?^$8YWVW?7@!W^4!NZ
B+Q


@S&/B_H611%3#!5=_3'=/0C.'1+G_B

?V1
MKIG'^TR8L

^\:V4H)[=@2NWB`(^Q44
U!5%SFSB=;820W42

W/CWQV
7'$*Z.@E4_FE;)C)


MQD.Z%EK(EGL_\1VD\)(
JFIS_CK/%_3XYK`P!]^[:T83;%1822)\O(D=U.=I

BE^MHC?$2Y5-]M

MXB;+#\Q-RT(P#6




CJ&I1L2U
1Y
M5XN.2`357.%_Z0JZ3M_FK*A0&)[JGFT$^M!`$@P6]UWICB0PNU&C57:#:H=L



V2P.Q&C=BN8HW0
IZVKC+M(P(HC$(]E.$T+N-I2O4P(Q


M-'&CN`FY18N`[RBT#4MN`G69GKE.%5LM\BHTNV+G(
]%Q+D'T8+_;^_:FAO5

&0Y3)S?'[]2@+;Q
%@C%K@[%3E
M)1C=/GU(W:U6-S8);$8/2*9.8!




A6$NY


`DK@-[&`-I


M:@




M'/%:V?9


IH^W_Q4*^XCK-
M^.Z3:87M

946SO\
X(S.7_[K3^9GO=(HFT:^[GEV#







MF7)+N(\2RJ_?*4+!!^PZ@R9T%_1
@[A8'W=K3?J(&[2_6C.;PM]]QP7#*V/(


M49/
#68DRA`N2A0_LSD80I'VLG3


U

M^
4;@FKYB7?@)\L@9/US'9<`H)=P9<Y=FYSQTR@11[-PJ/82)Y5SP
MU3`(HDD$4XJ0626E$;26#:[



M-BWUTXDV8KEP&



U
]J`U5$AD-U
M5BL

:+HAA`5*S@8Y


[E54W8SC]=B3UNH-;0*SPT)\2*
ML;`TPUTX./`7#G'U!0DM33.PK;D&.H\_UF?@CP0\91DP)+J'[((ZY(\A#QK+

I8`JEB\Q2C*AS6?\OH

VADMJ]QBQAO
M5JC





(+%8@B3`8/O5'.TZCZ
M;3LZ@)U


?$(%

M/


EC


$%`````@`M$!R0P$1WSV0``:=$*

C`Q
S`Y




M/L@?I0\7.`G3:93




M#Q?$KB1GT+]-^1/]=5K4`LW$VM7FQSHIE7VE^EFMTLJ695U5O]9)\^A00J)4
4*(D57)4DQ*RS\/)2W6*_SI0QXM
M5S%AX^I\#%^+/%^X0=7`11W`73

[\OE
LC6D]E]-$^B
M610&20'#
V3@KCP;1I'883;@/?6]S;6=P6;OK?QMKJ_S5O&U]K?1O+:*
Q
M+6
\F5TG3Z0=3C/RY61VFZ4A48.GY




M)4UL&CO&E




Q5+#.=HX$S]8JUCK%U[J6-ER7;


M.)98LA?`55U8DQF

@U2U
M[R#3D^1TT
N#CH$Q6?U=:,V$EKY@Q+.:[,9'`FKO$)X)0QXF17P0=SE(?5
M&*G$T\D*9]5&P3:0IV2&0]6U*^BB8SC4]4Z


:Q[#6<W4

@1![F:I[-R5<<&]F;QZEU9P!U+R1KK
M7/6P2]9FI-^*B


\8)

1$X(XX$)W(($G#HM[IL_VA

MDUFU`^.ZP

(LCD;NF
RPZ'J4/`MHEPPWM*M

MC5VF7W!QB[

B6E)0F[/7



\J0QX9#LG'#L@=)@%^%%;3=R3A62:S
MZ11A5?7SI
!65<](1W5,]`8--E$7G8WVEABO42O/E$B\?<=87YR$=/$$N

FIX=0
M=:95EB33.`T/45C1-PORQXK#

MKZ_IWP


GK.^JRD=`-1UDJI*--

MK1TCKN4Y;8SL'0YFX07=
)M]^E#SN*UUG3J)698NARC25A3Q##R1=5D_!3&
M*1D_D2XY*_'^RY2$ZR^%NXF!26NQF10;W-D.6`M?HHXUBDKXK@,-BK[=2C9



M0[Q+W./-!MSK9!H]15
RH(S7UTNZ-S&+@OA0Z_KY55!_*'CIJ=+7/-=#.I`U
M)$E:^2SK=:\.S80Y4'!B]LWM.SM+^/:




M*L[WD0'Y$AF%VNGR

M9`?-WU=UH




MS1S?X4T+4IT4W3X=/(7;6Y`G


MG4@CW3(PK

0Q:V
M48EQ4
&U8-*AV1+1
GP.P@6)P[)UDXW6W00GI'Q;US7+LDU942070C(@VP=S


M&!3A2W?T;L66\*A.X[NV+6O(
'4-VI(F6[HX7Z@8FPN8WBWGZ,B&L)%NK
M?.5;[D&M4*%KFJ:GF4ZKHIV-C@V



1]?QBRW*-YC3
_GI\ZP7\S<








M-TX'.'M_8'6EQ4VTC+89)SC+%]'JY*[`DS*^!W3-14`E@0NR94#O]:I7=%0-





Q<V\<ACB+-CA9
M(AH*^JSX
P7GI9F3EH_%K(QW-YC?X1!'3RWWX[(I\%V/.*RJD_;6AJH.95(1


M$')`/96.-+??%DONUY


M
#1(S_0YCJTA`P*GW@UH`7
DMZ6(]2#.I/6(6KOBZG+!'%?]O@*`8I/N6$$F
M


M:8:*ZCEG`SK]AMW6V%U%


0/3HGX4-(MQY!M

MH.])4)(E%T&/P)=4TNOH]:4NGMWWF;?13UP.PDZ?=CC(%PY]D@4GTWPSO4YB
MPH?TUS0F3.;;J`$UVA7Z:&]:%O?1LHR+(


MDJ0%75W$!].?\E5A^?NV(IE`4E79EEQ3=W17


MGJ)[)KWO&


Y&'`W16G4
RDGAR'9;S\'D+
MY3@(Y\(ZH`B2BD?]`V#9[T@I
,2&C.HRQ[K&=_J&4@WB1LN0NKORA?SN_1GQ@X7OZ(<__71,@YC
M0QIN,7+.*$^9\D)B*$;;D<':QGX$Z_W/-AW1;!)(.:';^WZX






RYD8`TQ-\=6?RHB8L+H1E$2-DJ4




M)(4&.D:I1$H/G(GUS(*S\AHC)9&J*^-?7?N9)OF+T8W4F$$3P)2:$A;VRK3K
M]QSNS33Y7DP(E#%5\^-41B`
[XA[S]2EXN'8;`TW3$+CA

MIJ4\%GMMN8JPR(!;.GO\M-5/[;)[V.P?#+^OHA)]2`0;9XDI
S0200D59\);


M^$!ONOMOF_9K=

HVMO/H5?9]F;O3[Z0Y

O


P-3


R35?(1)M?

.NT0[Y?*`%X9E5@\I(O



M3BG2`O8ZX5'9H)NI*)IP*5XP:\



-



342<V&JT&[8J75K


M/%=$61F+

M

3V.-5**]//D%H*F4V!9;



Q$Z(R(UZ/Z/KKOYU^KI


A2U;*)#29'8

7;MA%M]S_;;A]_K


D!6`V\5EZ[MZS
MI
W7(-MOJ\7GP'J[U9[)]GV[OW9W`=3MH=;1!

[
.7^5YHP1J


MZQI*Q'3/XO$=2H1T`
_$
E3*AJN2F&&'#.*TL-IBCPC558EDI&KPPJ_['^&!


('


1C;

S
#

M


M@6*HI.5(:

PJ-K`E)7XF.7793F96--YV:00'-)`:*P.@DU9S+^%P44E'

MGSQ)@Q&RTB&JF?64X&@LX.E(/',\N;K&,W%X+LB`QUVW]:_(0PXO
G:X#F
ME'I%O.
^H``%P:I'!(6S-@]-8A8
E0_&.@;!CX.'H5/+_WU8;=I7\R)'[82I
MDS32`B.I-9A93HE3BHDGV2S(3
R'&B3^Q=`HA&%-+O+=)BQ[V;8WV]@;Z%GF

#L;;R_:G]]BAN/]S&=)B)
M&O?+88TS%J)P;H+$Y=(Y3#5]TA*%3GMGJFW49R'CB)I](6J5]:&PVH?-\FM

1IKV_X562@=NYK<



&_8T&F9TS3$*P\(T(A((0ASB#$!JB9

LYER+V)


S9G1/INP%&=WGH?:F
[ICPC.WA,-,&,8$09AOU40
MQ&$E!BF6T3V9E

C$\DJY5?)T4DS(

M5
KGA:
&Z7]?W



M8!T'10PU`8/%28S#VB=(6@Q'XJSKZCD?GRIK^&Q[1_:WV6*VFCR:Q=1
D^.9









MS)*3.S\9'PZP


/



MNURMEO^D+;:;?$W_9_/CG(._XC
1

VG;BIU\#KT%

M``OE7#!@K4EQ'P-!6)-WNTUJIQWH17JV%PUC2(:))!*@L
)2ZNE;J6AXB(3
M78V$3A\EO*XZ[/]:-




M_C



5RL17BQ4'QND40T3W%\[:$@7''

A&JM:MMOEF6U32K'!;-LA/L\7#VT3Z
M'7HE[TD46+#(03)W:JDV[6HH0.590[$\;W%K&`ZJ&N;P
P`Y)%L=DE##_E!$
M'%``4(P&+!VS#



MW$;];U#\-2RY'=@4K_Q2)-8)HAP)DED%WDMSA)E[
;)GBD9B8V5!KF%P'U:S
MR?II]:-3Y/-SXXB=XL:`=]2D;2BGF-OVJDF`3
]6+


.1!.GVL6L.9]QR+91!'
M8FD#H_K,A@I0:[U-:?5^TIS,?)YMY@^3&[&8]R6X0EH;%1B1CUH@V12XXZ_
M3%-._
4*NVDQQ;D`11


M#DH#8$T

M@PUCNVDPF)+[@U$IGWE\%^#=QX:3+SPN_ZGS.



O@D+W)!(`F6(

$<DD@?)<=IXC


.BX
MM
I)WY










`QOT^Y%C[2V3R3



F:`FAKCO5+A

M
@9GK3?)HH/10H86)^=SWY*_A\O)0^!10\_/J)K;(;?6.7MX3']TI+X^V3VZ


MR5=/JVNY@SLKX3QW\'723_X=W

YZ

+`D6`-9J%=@I)[.Z1.[BSECIPR6;!\RLHOK[

4]7TG
\NVU4EE[F#K\.BLG:S
MN(
=]D@PA8U!F!FK0-QD`A3G%=I4Y4[N+]V\[HH=UVR=IM=)IW6Y:+9AO4
M-2I[JU_TEJ

EV_ERF!?]])OMHS94


KJ).ZOPPJF`7!:0Z:5IY0AYI'<G4*'`R91
M=;24SF&IV@.('.1\O51+)WD/32L8PA@)I7PX)@X<+QJH9(*I6HC);K-RY

$


/(V1K`?(OF]*(2@SAI

M0-J=R`J4]N(Y6@9G+F;H#51VTF]-IF-IOQU=2

9WKS
MCLT1L#NC-VO+Z4.YLPZM5GB)($%(0$X
0%`*XMM8-4Q(VC4T7@^+
SNT!H0R



3#K]9-=7']
M^.M]-O/IBQ1![^$*

IDF#T\/:SZ$QC(Y6?GYYV'AG-98#
MLPH$G53448219B@HUU[KG7L*(2:FIT*

MSQN^J9;?/E3E:OEN
3NH-^P;7H!@^6J(O*5!FW(*ZP#&;J/6J8FUU1T$\GIP

IKPPJC
*36A?/(H`E!*SAM'Q
DM&GT&BV*9VAZ]80C


%F@TO`7FBDA(P%F[QJ.JGT?%AA


L(
5P#8)0@2FQY6WZMEBI&H+Z:M_9R


MJ@EE
I#[$WM

VOKX^.UGPY
VP?(DPLEE99
:LI]Y2W:4$VHY5\R47Q_D@EDG[V)-JLJ<J+Z_=E4/1C<O9=
MN5SNO=&/FUS$8D5:`XLAH%PYK9&$CX=@:?T
QJOI
@*]!P?I#
ZO!_WC2[W^

!DL






Z^:/
MQ;*:K9OJZF.]JI9V75W




X*C8
-!3G$L6/@``P.)+9)&



M;0=EF6RHY0G16


M9?@6G.7(B?8+@(G%K3.964

M3





MB(!




L




M;PDF'.(M/(#!-/F2/W

JG_9BG#\O

M')%*HEC2S%O@F24
M5X=065:6
K(G1:'-)7'1L'UT37T,6UNJKO(@TZ_:O

M;*Z6V[K583R`L)
ECII?

[H='6$`:A4CP3/[T#X


@?
;
`


MG-Q)O!]B`]UY[


M8JV'Y0JE


-Q)22(E
M9*OK04K3FLEE+TN5C9D2



M5/_BU4KSSF6OSC4DTPP&5A:VV9LXV=WINF-JP3=Y%(@YA&U`)@X.ZTGJDT
MK29[T:YDUA@6GOP)98&?JQ.K)3].*520D)!AB0E#A`L.I/;ME:I=FES(7HIK
MF-(PR;#D)_KX-=J4AE1)&:0?


MU6SU)




MUEU
OGMZ(1DCB@6@H`9`(4P!:KT[5KK$:
XWXT
=`:.$K_EBDVKR;G%5_0Q;
MJ=\ME^M@3F^ES*=U






N]]






MWFJF`[$.!*K9W7'A3.P'/9E$;]\`)81.N[UNYQH_IQ!O[DKV_?_-ED^'(I]C

M
89\H&!U[74'[]




C2@_N'JS,<`$6GO
MD-364A48$9)YPHTBDLK3:;=SR[6SPD8R[1LS1[?7JN-IP$'984P`)4\S$J6
MM.*TSPC







MPDVXK$%T+I6Z8GUX`/W;S+`G@7M/`,*5GK#D6'UYL=Y8E?5\]4U^\UZ`&)


M0]CDMS_=%W]&)/[





_+*

NG:=N[ST
]64IB-4

E]]4K$\31]G*U4

MU'H/((('Q*@+I$[+XI!VU/)LPSCZT$M'`:JM1*,&27$@K
4:Z)?]DE`PMI


MFM8E:M`^!STHO`

MGW!2V9
'_L;&FB`J2!%$
`9AS;E4SLM*'N4'B\];LR8:Z^$$:Z*=_%?/FM!8



M=X=DJF0:@030:PCFF,GM7:855)J`D.%VQ?Q^GH$9JJ40`AI'1D=^3'4\-T
M.8UU+R45?JHG1QLKKPUW(@VK:[6


M#9X1&
7/B]F_%LNXS*4;1OV(C!(-RF
ED-`




M45WS#ZO7T[YS?





O&I$W&2[U[?4:]Y5)+[6Q)=;-2
5=FC


ORKZ2.)!@H^Y`(PG(R2#13FL&19\8
M)C=`6",@1$G78


E_5CXZHY

^'`2V%8_#^A

G^\*
J'+95H']P7+Q_


KN'4#*;E&_:IT
9\Z30(K\]4)N$L


M682&:NW;@5W0O1S9#S8CH0F\;C?S%R0)





MWP\HA_022:0@D`+MI)*JV

MF&,L%.`
ADTT\`7=S*_S*Y@[$22`G0-$/X4@/*
1-4
Z\QT
H0T_114!.W
M
!@YA!]K'Z;#9;IA6D4LE

MF8CY26)\*?0+WC\.4`.R
VNXTH902Z'TMK6=-8@L?'6AL'UO/M:I\




M9NA&%

M

:J@0\IH
MKQ5K;]XT*2?

M?B@3*.GT=Q62:(:@(%(0+K5$7.WRFW9X2FAE7N/0B)(;'
L
M'F@;^MJ1V@[






MF)HFYV1#%V(NRXU3V4GY

M6SR)%NAQA/P6[6.

HD)1');(##+MPQL\1.WDY#D:ZRR$@9U)
MO:GH=B:=!MCH(\]Q3#Z6/\K5]FA9AY



&HH_7?$B1


MH24#2EHK!`0A-%20=7T1B@P5J[T;#+.20\WP5Q3N^S#6*TO3++656]O_YT
MN[[J.J'IX#V%
K8^M0QQ[!F2P`F$4`.*#HOS'$


(2(
X


4]

ORKN%S8?RYM%=;N9K6[KP




M4]ACSCR4IND'A29NC3R8


M0APQU&
B4#O`4[BC-_!7*%)/\]S@$A/8^,7K$],/,#?XTMOQ$@0!O#C3;$


CUQ=@##!&P*A!)PI@







`A7-2(2`Y!8ZV7I&(D[
M_A1.PTMT'A:##=3W[HZ/Y??UYC8
)767#UI.QVXID&/2$4:L\DPK[W!8M#7]


8P'5)$TQ:+TE]

&`*FYMM5D%85;#/=]/_8'EKSU]T9HW/O?N#GK]#SZK%E5K-


HJ.J(48@%6EX#I/;=VEMKG.E98STE/V-
M[;4MNNO60I/0+1]6YUP*RRTP0LJFMX0D6_F818:Z*7+L^%^Z2+++LOQ16IK
M?$WM/(
U4@'V'50?EK/#&^][W%4(@*BKC]Y`8:J`WEC`8=-'P%1F._#34?9+
M;GPJB





MDC#MB%?MA*'I:.5#)JVD=`!/+U5!LE1P8K34//%`$
-?T3$+^&5(58HRL5

M@!(*@752XS`8$F*;'E$@
COTY1Q*NE




MK3%4$PR)9L8J`W#K*L(^SEN6O*KH*-RG`&@

MSV%NU_*G=E(#73G_



-CAY_%^<JZ?&SB*]0X!C&



MM(LW^3L*#;VTWAK$&61AC4QT@.XGA@JPR.-W3AY?]V[@O;!JUGE@GNTFWS??

468-P4.DV0PFBP!





JB=4`JU0S9D8C3CM9\]DY3-'DHY'[&1S9KV

X:9)QI/,RHY%
MPKE.T_LQOC:S7EV%'MX'ASXNJK_TG2Y75U^_S39=-4:[;BVLY!)0H+!1!FK
MN'\0



GPPW+

@'P%



54S`L+BJ&XA@6]VNOY6;7UK=74S[^)V%U%!JI:73T%%
M'#;$M5M=E!S-T11I7
2P]EP)21$:0PU_S/YWO6F:W15Q^/7B`FBK

M``R%/TV/).1QF:.G5UR;F#%Q-I!C2*-.KWY__:2IG7/%P7L*\O_L76USV[:R
M_DMX?_F(UT[/M$UNXDSG?N(P


MR453MGN!\B)^X/M@/
4*BE\JV$&5KF8%1U9(@Q'WGM@@%_92M_'%Q(SD8HEQ
M$:9'0



M%E'C


*6CQ=^*[&:UWTJM&$
MF@QIR/TS6#




MQ1`F6C82
Y7)O-I9^&/%.'%W7
G)T)P47'CNNL4`:
M`XX%4Z(](V
$I.W57DFT9G)$U%#P9HD+_U9.9W%C*4CQL9SMW.CW)$_GW8J'


MA31W(D&S_?EA^N5^=;
(4
W*Z8


M5FA_&HS_7%J-SOBX*C:-(P#\O$01CB%0/DSJS#MI!,6BT9&I,S([)J!]'=



M9ZO/JV#?N?^LIZO'[7;Z







M[


&
QZPBVF[H
M0



;SHH4#:$D0TIAH0%?Z4'
HVS)`F5IRZDN3H




MJ\=+9FTW8_GMB


00*H\TU_K@*5E1\






9\B\D

M;IXK$`
@&$P.

P*11A#
M!EDF&*![LV*Y%`8_[CLI2$T?($^3_RD[_HEIH8

NBP@=;HH&Y_^`1JZ$/8#B&.

M2&@N



M:GVP%Q5T6E

Q46E#7<4F+C/;#(#D^#CWOU59WWQ?]$:U
MY_X*'\QQ*8@61G$KC0:

AV%I`(Z46.'U:9919X^Q4H&B
MG`OD`$7

8




MJNZF
NQO#A^<3D3
MP@M;*]NQ_U$^5(=O:CNMIR+`S6!86H&DT')($7P&0M-+'3C/=X=1./'LZI'
M-/_9#!O=8?,U$NNBA+JIR]OJH:S_6A[*!]K?J+:
J*AQ=Q(#Z%VQC83/P_8


MMGMRV5.K'BC1U@7W@9N$K9K_/PU^JF_#O/.YJ:8Q^J31[?S:*M.SE9?)G'
MRI/A
5W-P[M6RZ&KPNV
Z\QH_5=S]=ON[709_?!U76VIW;6;='SCPGE



I#
M8+6FP0+`VEBCE)8-')C;7'N
)VW_]*;BQ0`0Y32?A[H02][7Y/`^2Y#)9#


M7M35]


.M241EGKATE2CFJPA^2(NR%TMRU





#N=K\.Z_.P;A6E4QQN[




S^N[NJ8M/7X.!IL
RW

[W[?GQA:0?F!W/V0B1(O'2]ONR_I+[;3T&XYO%P]?%/8'O;M[^:[G$AH'
G,G
ML!<$R]((PJT)G%%/WE!WQMQ/XA:%D/C-/+0^_8RWQ@LN-'=
?'WK[8JE`@@



0BK]\N-

MS@[
E&+[_3+CZN?^0K;%7LCTK]#[N.47%M%W
71QYLON7LG^;HK@=`$*/'-&
M8JTIIPB&V33

UOU9


MNO*B$%XO4]N%!.5+9L2&?3/RUU]O8]1

9]Z!@
P3#/AW'2\J



L-&V*-V
M^AD.%X




MG



L^+[60+LWB8?5/?QLXVR5?CR?*SO7_:
M[=_KW9?5XGZ]V3T]F*XVR^UR=6

M7(59T@A+@0!4.R6

MPL)

C0#:%[_):4R^J#DX_5$'

^8S6@06#


6TD4I1A)=0
'@S6]


MD^7O1.F*(`\I-9I))I5%#@G6]ETC68B:9D1CY@
GP89C)FU$@'EK(`%
:
ZM


E


4!@QP[1I&-+D

\_52%

%FT:RWRF6#
9K+DZ@)$Z@YIR_HY!::PS$

Q?E$Z&4Y9(B`IR6%A\O




M93^`)CLM
&LJ2H(=A=@9;CS'6FKDI&PP

D
J2A323
^9@E:A3RI*!DR





M;TH\?;#B-O112PN`@2(L]A!@NNFIYZ:086`N3@R`:AY2N!_?ZJM=??U'O7O8
MK#X\R=K5BR*GJZD!`Q)P(5DBF,;SZVWX)ETMRPF7
0YB-



MQ_Y)ZEAY6UH3V;.SUB4-P??'E&)VR]X:0=Z7&`I8`!36D%*E@0-00];B!V!B

.L%#ZRWRD)OF\4A

PN\)B18`H:E\FOY/?


MB$.0.HZ



MT]#PUT)WKX:B?M:`@Y`IV)1%[5R58


M'PU/IIZ:V@49B
-``YT=]%X6K+BF3#
%!702T;#X]1@WC;-
FS(=CG2
3QAJ

M
$I2[Q/
\67U];)!_EZH8M00$CP5+Q!#0K%X:VC3*&T2-=^C^`B93#*H_[-)


R(%T_^/2E5`6F\10I2
M'7J@N

MT11XAQ3FPLN`!$:J#0P9FAC1'^V
09(%UOGZ/XD=%S^ZV?%IN8`&X%I*;9A!



2'M1IO^RX$




MYW('09/^#?]YZ
VWR*R_EKO;Q=75P_W#?NE]_-7ZS[OES5X7LPT/_+BJM]OU



M:C&YX6-*DWZDR_CBBB'B



M@_`'
LG(6/)KW//A=!`D%9

M:4&=AI#_F(%^KB?6BG)[GI$@K8.R#8'35:1:XIQX\_TG;
F_@P
8Y^8'M!
MFVFZEF^^CS_FJX=#


@1#RA*A'?X&:!&H\FYU5$G2ZUM#6T[@#I$FOMIJNH4LYX9012E@D$`



M


9L-1UY7M*-^9RND;TY%')(I8+I`J;SD







#SY74)-W'B@/T+U
M-TT)+H)VN#R+BN7.EO]E67Y]?JQO/9CDE'GY8P*S7AVGH(L*1`4&U`\V%1
MU,WC/'$;Y/[HU#=^D2;Y+*^V65!OTYY^)#KEMY65NSTU;OTS).U4W6`E9]1H
M#:D5P<S:=.KTB`$;#/R?*6F'<@N`-81!13Q%F^+=Y`%K4L3YBFJ2=4Z5Z
M5M)..[RB3=J)H[F%D102+H1&7%+B).&D`=
+.E:MVX`!KI/ITDMSBW9X7F#+
M`J







(%XB@
M8#(+9M=SJ#1MNJNM.E7L$=Y=Z`TY#F:U9^G\\V1YBUHLN+^Q*CK&(:(6Z4






^1&IU!.645AM
MO9[%R2B1##K+!9;6
*\@;

MB(3M0#F






DT(;&TG?).0-P
^#[TB8Q5!90S!2

MWYAP&RPU[AE0D#F




.3K@[\4(PJID$R#/LO?0T?+P_YHPA
MHO&%&P:1Z*EL.1NYGX
UT40U+H4LXY/D4YKO][Z_O2C!CC`D

/
$02$$!PT









6VTA

M$B





MQ-J7+%W

YS0QO$*.(GDD*`A@I.#@S4&7:HA

53[^R`.=KN_#+J9T
M0I^'MQ<G5@BB`%$.&R411U9*B\.J;;U5UL.CN]D$.4&82:X`=QQH8GE80@07
M]9%`&-U8C_8B.$<I$]
!6H'0[2I0`U29I$NE]=W7U?%['^/.(3VWI-(5IW8





M!XQ94

M]E1U&

M&


MZ.AVRU4JX+U




FR#0`Y.P
MOY[^\OAV4T?_MH)&==9(!`Z:!
:H=AQJ7(PV8P6U'0YX[)7@O;VGA@(MV_#(


;_BOI
M\Q\G5'&Q7M[-KQ\[-%?F2,NN^OX+T;MRBK[A3)!*?5


`!$6\$!@50Z:



M7C[=$F9@M.0B8



M%E@16A5U5$C''0MCXW5S807!I54\&Z;N#O(RQ[A2.J[ER?%AL5O,6OMY_
MN-#&&V!X(!1L(&!H$T

:8O9A/5^4Z_43#FVG*0??




MQMZ/%1B4[0G689-?/%1_@_-!KA64AJ$B)ZAT=`$XIZB)Z

.GI$GKSS%<
MJ?A!U_ENV#QCNN]R5Z^G?8Q??^DEHJ1A0DJJ'&-,1H,-8\\QLY)$GA1RK;D1
M`\W\[6B++?62R`^CM!R(SAG-2[16*6)%0I/5NCN):*.)KB'$E&G@3;+M414

^YXT
MV1`XH1@+&B8Z/!HV\P-F<R.@[I3M*]-6=8$DYCF[TLFA17\[MJ-ZNF<_`
M]N`[A8A#U1ZP#HAS3;&$T(B]`YS9979O3/8-S!CJ.TQA&A[G(EWT9Z
=S410






0$6-IUP]#W

=PJI&&<T

5_99R]VCI$^%W7T


M


MI##

CT

MF%04.;*88\:LU4@2OY-I@OD



SVY_D9R




MH
1G2


K[[38\O




_D









;)JE/TKC\0I$N0.
&(W7:JIA!*;6^QU@$J30H
M$I#18

S3QQC@:T*B@8+1CO)


%ZJR`5TW2/M(!

TP$F
M):GC2V@_7:J-ML*!QA@LL8#`0%U0E4(PB5$[TTH%.)K:H[I4GP;H1Q&JP092
;;TF=/HF[;ZY)<^8P
(2P



MJ$/F[$U[*\DOI0P)9PB26#-OD3#
2X2;(@TNL9Y)?EDQE[*5=&)OVKJ3:UZ9
M`R^]`:F`



R7%U*`]I+


M/`!KG`_B0F);O8^+Z0F2.VVUO.2T3Q`R(UYP,K(@#@XUQ3O12QL%!^%WXY


MEH
#D]9-);\+LW39&PS+\^4!;__Z2?`/)P'7X^M[*-ODM0$_^O#]^V/VXNS.

MC`
S\S5JZCHNHI7H_6.^N?U2WD4]BJJZVLS/]MES)L(_&\FO9Z/\[8@T][97

M+SWAX


#94]OW

IP5(\GVR)ABTY^5$(SDDF`N!6***0^\-_Q9UKLT!VBV
M%=R\%AX`H`1[7T5)/?NZ6'W^4



M1&?C

J.B]W8;Y:S]7KKV^M9
3V8)W!(%-72$JN4X[J^U[IM'Y0HS1M\NHZ]


MP:#;F?)!-@9M;JK856VJQV9(:_8;K]7M/YM%570=XM*1*U/'6:`.OBD*@0
M0]SNVJB823MT)=LN[&RT&`ZB
6BPMY7WNOBRJ6[OXP!V-7\2*4T3.MC0GSD0
LG1DS,08ZE@
M7A'L*'<.P[DKJVQ]6D=2#;_6E9F#`O594:8J[DMYD55%7<WLQ]JO2Z.Z#].

M$TH+GG







%Y^J65&=S2ZR5:VC/=IU

M@R;O2Z_J?WXY?4CDJ7OY?-L)T8JYG)47K:(NZ5H91*?9JBK[3TZ:3TX`[*ZR

M7[=OJY

.BMZ_G
M=9*]_-)[V0L?R7[M77P?OO&EU;ZG:X[7/)+,.W++*.+03:.XX:6ZL_M0ZK=

MRA_5



1&$!*B/AR*4F/%&

MJ$L=!Q9:X


MW8+)T%0Y)HWGIAJ8GMCX2)B

MU


&:/;


M.JR]/.#.7.

MB
5)`D`@$NPGPU`SP6KUK'&P\9'VJ.M96DM0-EB7:`Z]M4FTB2PM/+-+B6F:

[(&-N8\388Z%1'+;IYC*N$?L]7;65%]
MJCW

:I0:86Y#WRK+'




M


`92Z6U[QD([!U2C1Z:TJ
MIAP&ER
_U

M70FV^^Z?!QB(B.`T;-[[`;D?$SJLGD*!E;9JM1)PI))MZ\M[O2^-SLU[)C2+
M.4.WE6J\\8S6*OV



MDF'_AEK&$?=KJ*/O&]%HVC413&C+W[

M/-_3CT=KSHGT^_'R??&ZAU&-EI\WF5]GB[M5]OZ2U?'6V:(+_*'N.F6C=I67
U


=Y=$7+8?WL-IMBTV$V8Z3S
?L!!88OKEQGT%2


MSCC82)SK9P


M+H[EFQKWCFR9_).A8UBG]YBHEH4R3X_N2'D+S6T8-('G2HU3R.V=+V:T[:8+




S<QH!,&$]'L6,*(`*XUQ

M


MFL?8N`\QCWQ*0`QQ0'V!^KMX&?2AU+
.HXMR#VI2=U@?N:6U0:




M6#5*H9@MEE]G51NT9F?[P$=9P_6W;'&U7%\E\_I7RVJ9/=K$=(!LL[81!XB0

MQWWK3:3SCY+JBRIG+'M=(N




M`A

MD15!.ZGVU:9RI[A;6-S3B
=Y99HUMV7@/EJ+3NU*


MJ'07H-7`CJ\4O5;OQ0NJO49ORY)&L7?QW6LTZ[UXS6Y3R




:9I!;NU4T9VH3K\_FFX31?9_=]EZ_KT=9S.:
H2$HGT8T$#FO(


M[M%XN
4_12::M




M@'0

L




MP*NQ
5?

MM3_VK\PRZK

'-O^J/V4]L015YS9




M4:K1;IQ)_
;1
DIWQ(_;O+L])7511

@A2P.$4Z9&T1Q9Q@QK'0[WWAK
VC1




63**=1$/*KITY'(ZQN572`
M0BO:=)Z@`64RP.I=

]P6UUL'0T_2FOK^]QMGOL
4#H
M.Q&
?)[%(3_Q(A00K\/@I:'4M-F*8=L%NR^*0\J\%OWOC@/4%2^SK
O)V6R$
\0]3\$Y1_]DEX
0=7<WX\<]#5)MH_3[PU9^PG#C9/K!Y<!*<^=F?X.B_?'.8[.'H%
M;OKVTCA[U7R27FXP4Y7-FX^AQ'+

MCUU%=T_='#'2%CUHD#6H9QQ=#01_^E%VVJ@O8K0]NGSX?ZY`XS6HN=N@\_LG






CCTGA*

5VJ0[:6?R

)XVTH\ACK[&
:!BK50
:
6EZ8






M$
$RYDYEISGJ[GZ^

ID^KA


M

#2W'&V%X(;IER)G7B^P&*5+7
MJO2Y__&O1;[E7_#X_#'_SAD5;WTR%/I!3'T:1;[+

__PL@)71AC%`8L4MVC






WCBB)P]3'







M4:%&^GV+M]G73;YB-')QD
:$Q2@19_A]-^K


MOLOF]8AF.B3H[


MI$

QRYXMPEII\
\07
7*#8VX3I%'6V):
M/B&?.]3+S.QG9V5XBC`[/

4)2CHX;HK5


5
M1I9CMI`1PKJ;KRN0)J%5H5+P:_VAW-7;9N+;C!8TCDB0$A2X'L:$8!9&N+-$
M*7/4RK5O]ZV\G)$X`A);Q:@PYJD4MHE3%$$%;FR5OYFI'!LDAM^I:B1R
\


MF;L%.K\`=PQTGOTL\9;??5QXW/7V+4?&_VI4`Y#9_33/^IE]TQG#NX`=USF]
MKQ;1QT8?
/E8E

Y.U8S@#.%_8+
MB






K=\

MRZ\$5M7Z1['9H'+]H:QY]RF^;O+V=M5W!BE$4QH3F@0)BT.7A6$:!BT(E^?(





Q_^23U/;UBY+Q1AA/V8^=7V?$99&,,-



PP)A#\G&4Q$X'B\08




M5S
Q'23-G;V`SH!IF@E00[:P'.T[;PC?6L+MYM!LW5](1ACB
(L!!S1!`&/!
MA@@*`K.!J





I7LZD0@0)
M%4
B%
0IH`E.


M'K

ZN*A/\G2H#]9Q='J34\/


MRGF:`]3'%K'

5R/7N.9;`6R


M6]QY=]8GY][IN#D2W\ZT&('-QN#9$LVJ
5=19F^1AR+NP_*QA2?*08(Q39*4



M$$*)TCRC






[






MURF]^6Q.TK$L=N'G26

M:5?\7YE*7:2I3%
N

M=AN1WY95]



MKJA[64G7SL5





M


_E5G4[=_76U8+D:R[X#MW

M@A
9`T`HRY3
DP2+.XW3,`TQM1ZIX)MP'%?&?C\N]W$=\N]_N(1JM69[1O
MA/KAKY'53JCU[K%OJAX%1I\NFSLF/\\L


M

Q33F-6U\8#856N+#EG&2PXXP95EA2S-=&



P0DUZ;=P&:_FT

MP#F9Z6;H?




M8L77S6[7CSK`NI_BF7E!:7&_KLP-*3IWNY;
;W1Y51*W
6S'QFG3$L;:V?
M-26M&Z6%1S?+/'
1()&F-
E`G+



QQ#
M@G4N:(\D0DD.4IH'5IA9C)=)K'L($GTWJES3W5W6V`-V?W!;A?T^`S`WI%
MS$3FFU4R5WS_

R$F2%:5@;_'MO3\^QVT+=E8(ZSG#*5



MS24PRV
BG2-83Q7-)VK
G
M;.U7^]B
28K;AZ:C@:\\/


M\$EL9^;UYW'@)





I9
M7
O(H


H$DS]-N

1D[Y.YK?-C
MG'5+KNUMLC7'81G@%#(&+

)K%E(8U47OS`#21\24\+=)OGUXTQ8
9K!R8NI




L2=I+
M8(QG3B6Z0]PIZO+F\





;RBQ#&%')



MZJ*_COKL

.5@[.PPY=*6-S'E;)#^E?'E

D^3(JDT1LKIG\[
(P&.=%?1T&F




0YP(CB





M*
K2A!!*TF$

7;%S3]69


_5:A#3!?$LC.9JB1/
YU42$)!CR
H621








(S2=*/(MQ['HT&'HV_W@GNL)M2F0,Z+BX-/`E%2

M\^G@&D0+[J:_+#8ZP0@8R`OPM8')[I!;M[KH''O\!46S^==$#J6;-5XV)(DV


4BR1`!^JSN.CSLE2W)0=JF
X]M.I
-A@CJI7Q7\`GGJEX04]!SB2-K

/9H(K#K[BH7FN:#D_IG\;U&R.ZZJRUN2
M?JW9`D`#[7BLNKD]PW8#WS0BXAN^9R



M1._+]7
JC]#6ZJL_RM2(LLEA6!
UDV1


/00-%'DAY:'S2%N^X2*D::.91B
M+3^B`P,\T.;FGO.I98O^5R053%5GT6HDNQSG*J1]%
2QYKDG[*L*91
1+&B
13&PZ%JNR7X7)R6?UD3CF+Z,^:?S;OE,8
M%FFG##L*R5-)0+2O[XNRODG+QV
1P)])S=98GZ[2
BMV&S..B8TAL0/+MS$B
M5F2A?M`006[EGC^2ZOUV!A`PA?%-*#'%J0`NHC@=JW97Q95L6T7$-^35]
M66*G?M








1#AD&PX81DJ
-VH8U$-EA58UDL%GWOEXOK


[=8YZF1


#803`T`M]`@6-8-C8]HQ\Q




S-?U+=^+D(YN%0O^2WI4W5V
\UTP
M\EZVM)

RQ_I?5P5Z4;0T0
M;.+(I&/:@4%TW`\V_9]U_:Y+_^0







6TF.YH3S)_(=`:9$\K



M
#]C
EF32?XT=4%&IV6G\YCE24K'*3B3BTKB38
45)8EA?1))=J\I
BKNCQL


R]C419T\S$Q]



LQ2;'@-$]OL[J*?FP?#NS);W6BNFH1TB_<
M%-&/Y#'+FQ__G-:'

M=W6PBO/BY_:QH'QJ82
*CI0QE3R\-#6=(7_:OFF:<_?554&1/?:A-CTXNA
MR
<(2NV2'/ZKQADY!D_)]I(=L'<
ML'



MXG.*_


M)PA=H*J3^



]0;(3

M+@]U55
1S/*[38RISGF(A-#$)B*V`[WC$J'M(A$=DC.B8E7ZG'XK'KZQKB/;



M+_NJGONNJ2DTW#
N2:*6B)


ME
H84ATIXA4X
@\


M]6*0F9@&O=U&


TA'3P

M?61WWU_?[+9WA_N`48+]E/H8!Y1&KH]BB/#0*HD2?]54[*]Q9RP*30F)R&@5

P?41JYJV_%_J8262OG?;+(2W1L
M!/\R;U'78S%N22GBQL2O.R;XB(O

*FGY`%.??Y



M/@]%FU8I0BY
VO8@]%
G\;+
&P_3!R3+=*FC2)O&A?'#L2*R;U#Z(E:L!)4V
M?12KJ-INCJ5$7&^5`GG4QQGED0C]!)::$

HI;@641\8M?FGU\+!M
R2@GN\&


[^4SJ]Z\GW)%RF0)\BY?



M;^N5$SAA[$44Q9#`D1^

AM2K0^!(&P[S$=$`0E9$\

M13&
(8(TQ-AU2/N?8-0P3+CK#VMM=/:5BBOP8BXXV'L%DF?`3!9+.O3WP+1





BSV7(!R2

CB,1D=78Z`N4#
M35*2+`HH1(NKQ-\;)\](I30+R12WO9*PV`0D




M

MU)_;WF^&CW]A@##Q4C\)$QSA
$)1




M05L-Z[GU[YDZRX)H.YNKU?SO@NJ'9!^W9?&A*1[J590B&N





MEHGK4]$RB
G<EZ)1%8D,3*6EXI][^`WE$V0\&/C[OMNAL)M-H/
MB7!-BX*5'R)_/Q9E.YM9):$#0Y_Z3N0B%'M^Z))Q39H$F.M^?MUM&E;*SE20
MO]@*;JL]R`=K_PO<%D5?SZLX6R@&UK97U;:I;+R?#W0YQ?QI<B+[FDJH4]
M3P`0X'(F.I@@:T'H,.)6979`BNQ$]O'LM_(QWVZNVTR[V3X4O[-(MTH=
/$


M^`GNW1W0]5:!P2SP^XSH!#;7YD$H*?)R*+EVO\[Z?6YC2QV4!9JMPXM*Z^@1
C%*,VP_]Q'70N'X<IY1[42A<.*?+!
69%5(%Y6

^=&Z6@1)TH

T9STJZN=I+CSR_
_[81S2%#G4]RC7
M+5&RSS8\O7TQ!_S1&21Z^80P*SY1,HE)3()$!E1FS<H)K1%%IHE2B)M?J5G

\5ZB^KV03
MAC7C8!4X





M



5TZBW

C$%!V?J2

85&3%EX
MJ1A1D2
$$YHA`\H2A9`RO5(?)\+94LU*.APU1
(D05&*H]AS
0I0BJ(Q+6OS

B
M65$'HHSX,4Z(1UWHI4$AX:)AX0R%/76#&L-
^N?/S'#?@:_%NOJKMS^N]B`

DM+Z\I*&FEZ=;W_HO`:Y`[QX8_&
*

MH/
2O';SAPYOY@KH*#K\(+W8L.$
YU\N]E;`@NL]LQ+
RLV!OLLJD%?QM&




R=8RD'R^0

(N@G.*$Z0
M[R5XG$5D223T#8&]7E@;FBOF%5@?N]7^F/G5_X6?;8K9:@/)@C`^VQBR/+)W
M'

M3+#GQB@B%&&*0B_Q(8H=;UQ?B'&RT
R`WT##07\T9+D0+=!9LT=?
_UD26#E






MWEPP&@

7

WPKN7@
M$9LIOG]YK[JIP[J;:!X\NP(W[#YKYASHG!G.T[*)1NM@_T/0NRA8U6VIWI^6




#


Z@D;=
M:2[)EZ`Z*5*4D.SGV%R-)WB_DS2LX)R'#^YB(@(SQXZ]KR
60
$9!X;PE
MB)(X@:%+'0R="1QW%D(93:GAGP]48$)%8@(



:%#%9MWSBZ=<]C
6RCG6\+68]57K249W)LL(


M/H







MYEAADZW^2G.4
VOIX[)
U[0HUM4?:7:_89

M32&





*U9X#O$S5RH:&KS/E@_WMZYDKGT1$

+HO_Q/3+I81GS#=P

M*#J?1[2S
_A\G`&9JG*'F18IU9&A:FZU.5+83Q7CR!
@+`
WCVG97)']D=_J

PTIU5!.YFJ3TBFLI

I09!9:
R;:&$28`2%-E.3+S8

MBX



BI

MQO&**



X
M`G8'UXEQ;S#C,H.=]P9/NKLWIL5K8'9S*]C`FC@61C*(*3I)YN#!Q[9UU?
M'`/S2T6G@Z0K
2D8%O\?TI0*&E0F+65A
;@_1WX^IBM^.W:1W]^R*?^7M-Z5


3E[9+]@


V-.7UUM1<R^5KB^[R-9.[K_6RWLEF/PWA$TMGT\9-+C_U`6.+
MJ+=R575T^U!E_7F[_
Y^EP.W&N2FKR&2IO9
_M`7IIDD!(T.%J9&_&#);OLY





]KE?F71\F@-AQ


MJLNTSLJ4U[6_V
NXL)[AVTSI0V?S.E\5#[*%!


B

]@\/F7/LIU^G)LXN(QP%A
M'U
<2`'





)@%1U]M`(]KY_7J_I7?^\_E6LVX+]
M3_;S3+;QJ_+0R`JU^:@


M7KT%JX(6*?5!^3I9/F:\%3-O('%4;F@.$PP##`)0P_Y&6!%W96/4B0K`B-
M

WJN5'CSQN.EC*2+3UF6/Z55W=P9


MW^O

*M2N2Z2:D:[6AA#U$N2W[GKEZP[

M#P*`$0PZJSZ33M'*4P6FMO8$4*K@=@TS*FL/UN`,F6%*I@]KUX3DHK7J_Y
M/
S6GR&*16OP#1,[;#*R@L47QZW(G62EYDX4?^HD,(9U#6J]*;0,LY&-RJ-
M?_7GJ8=:NV;^#&QFVPVQ%\2\7ZKM!C3J($21[:[.KN:4\+)=I-I?5R-*+4D
MUT*_Z![]-
S+[MLK(=U0?\Z3#)[=@50?A]EL1VIP[6(#3%7T6OG&^;VL_2(
M`)\0$

\
C7(B-Y1!
2-$W@VHV5[;6_,3FZUK$Y]]O4MB
MSXWL$'?6(`ZEKF@::$*S0C6H]GV0ANTLCJ503)0,L<G1X.(TZ)#;U-S1H%&


MY%C2HAHOV3@C&H.)FXEF#
=?*!I!DHKQKW1]_VQ6$V`*`40X\*ECTQ@#%/N]
M

9@XF;B60


0JB

ML'M\N?A+?NCIIHV\!,?TAAB#T%FRD9.VQVA)$'I2X.&V5(LV;NU9!DQ;

-;XW\E+9#@=MD`^/FCCUL[9U?

=G

ML5?4:C&:[_Y*F7_N
8'GS@`6R].$X.
\H(0LP/3`AJH_H.\H%BAR72@0ZJ
ME60#]+3

M[NPT!DK[[E[7K$6E\JL-R_@$

/+']_J)@OQWTR#M[
-!_(!&)@
[LDSSU:_;<IE7;!'#.^OEZ^9?V^8X
MZ0VT@6\#2J

W?CT
I.P

SQ*`S.1@6'Q#O*218DLI2QHC)6?N[(1FT


MI1.JD`I&K0J^\DI8$9]#MKZWF%6NB[2&
MSFI__46LGUW-=S7_7#8B4@.3F8FQ\0ZRF1$:)-*9N;`H/;]?1*'O81KX;N+9





M5MBW'G;91FFFHR6FM7
EFD^(VD=)IOS

M*%\SU63C
6.CJGD[O'KK=4Q

MKU5L7.;9/
<7[N^(KKF;P8
M+L?F&7G4%):9**8N[PHC8UM25[^N-NEZMTUO[GA#?;HM?GS=/3YNFT/%Y?8`


M6F

MYKO8@SRG0)U)^H1:5!W?L\I.!K-/LDX]EG
LCJTCQ:1$VF4$=E0=2B2O/$G
M!P]M%_OQR/7R#4G?;]ARI?J'E4V+U![MHT#QX#$(PBY[.#UV$`N85]P_CW&


'55





!-O69P.R5FF6OB2E7_%19JV._^_)(=T%1
C

M`VCZ$


M\CW3(R;RD6G&T
.197EFQ1&L;]ZK):R?STDQ4&Y#8[$R-\K\/AT\`2_+:G


S\AC(/8A%;H





M6$QQ(E7@Z

L3




]K\


1SJFINCEN6D3,&@P`8;[C1!5S^5



CLA;2_?P&[%\.30L
7F%@M+#].LJ(:C^B_

MX_[`+K[.M]DZ2\O@MJQFOE?8#Y%'2.22T(Q
-W;C
+8C#\6A@4V$QM9.
YX@
M3PM/H$+OS9XOH?Q1KU/D
#8B*`5DV^]2(BR86WN9'?HT.Y?^-IW]@DVBKR
M?!


+:*R2$7%Q[


G?ZD6::VP`TW+1I89&YYOPRCT`N^D

M#T2?IU=*I_$\:0.=1X&





MH#F+Z-


MW.01Q*==X[F1HDHO:!@0G6ET::(I$\'G(EH

EE7



E*-

/V6/3KXN18Q.
+-JQPZ&!

M4!V7T]8-SFF98Y8/#L;_SB),9QIL)104"YZ.8T7[R#_:9Z)4YVV;8=M/.=
MV+0=V_.L`)+(@V8$NQ*=XAE5((M^YF+3M&^M4:KTEGT;^9-V7SKLH%_B!

(WPV28AG7C1EI'PM_D9'O(6/7R.
HM@??UE7ECGW48`;1
W$'W.]NFG


?.
MA]A78;'U]^LV



'VRY00&M=3NY`.*C&L1G:!'RA[&:5'2
M$J``Q_TZWV[3]2&K+J9MT'+V[$5Q/:YGOP#-G`

M?KGR(S/VO!%ID,E&
S\+IY6B^R31X1%/$\R0K80KRJCE(]7%7S1&F+$Z3E


&H;OR\28NO#TF1KBR$


MO.8_C.=[V








EP?(L]`



=ASRH&(FV






MV7;/?MMM0AC`F-@06B$)@Y`XU!Y.^T




MXKY^^'1WFS]F_Y'M[K

/0

[(T7:FO&&-[!642



![9E)7V1]$1.Q51K
M/CKE1.NR3-DVG6*$TCDJ6'WI4HEB9G2A

0(X:BWY@;$DA$P11.&
M=:M%!1@L

M)NL-*1_3O-@DEI

41-+*(YK38IJN.*)&JNF.`
M0QW*\R9]


BK7=XL
M_WW

DX;7*2

#


%V%6N

M59)L=VQ/%OS7


M_


LV^^R(CND








MB6



/WY_E'F:

MSGV-D]&HC8QF*VDN*QGPUL+&RSNH5@)+_F';O.9U83Y6MQMF[K-BR\;NUZYT


DBD]!M@_9[KCGZET6



M'E0V(=
_SM%(*


KP.
O0_4.J

MH4SW^2.;A31K@/V=PS&.F8D`^L2&86A3@DYF/4?JO.146X95ZQR1JF9-IE.T
MK#P?D](ECQ.R&R#)J:&R\2A9HW5B/32O1+BTN?-+)5@G33+2=;5R$J=/#8(/







MG3\@Q*$L4[5Q3()@6


^
;T57U)1-Z:0F-[*KZ^T\[?7




X0%






O*BJ[RLX



M*.D!8)1(W5ZGSZKAK*
#O8-4KX#I698P4,#%OM_MNTJMD?6:B*BD6KW:WR
MR&+W(#L=TQ@*L:G8

(1:=0?
MAI7(I`''2M




M=QMH
Y


R]5IU[!^OM%WO_T$





MSX?8)FX01XEM8QJ3OEX0L+S7E=P*JF[(^#[0$R!U.9-F3UK$3-(V0;I.L&Y`
M`VPYM7K!D)A&J=*Z/F52]N2Z'DTC1T6%/J=U5M2=N9`0VP\B&M(P1I1ZD
)!

M8V1.T*2!U(4%Z9P;

MG5KN=+=)BI08!QAD'








M@GY
4!\\@

MPEES6^%-RD@B(/-%1$TVMXD*!3U[
Q03O`$D&!9`V!E=FF$:8_I[*;UNF/
MQ/&@'46.[2`8!@2%L1O;WB`.H:[026-=

X
M7I.:9^E=)ZS\S+Y_?$S+Y\FFHZL^W#=)*A-B7#^P`^!$?A)C-Z(@1(`2-*P/


VU0



^65T;W.89-9!-*N73:Z%[QPX



&(^@&B

M
9B7^6E1'%5QT](0\L\F6PQ*N4ED
R#EF3IV2?L3[*T

`
FBJG1HU#L20*

MK1

MWZ7$GS)6Q
S%68$USU2

CBT)AK







M&AJ'`8K1N)A#`[%JDMP:^NM(C5@6DZO-XS+1

\%:Z);9`YL]
;1
M'#LH?F03-(L=&T;'1@-Y
0F\)$$P!!&P?3K(BB-'Z$C0*@)JSK28^'_KMZL'



M9]W+M_1%M-?PNL_ZK`VA$@5*G1\!4TQ5/P7T++M74/^S)M$/B455GY;1@T

B?9;/LAFE9UPPFW-YP#)QUU+
M82C&6DPJ:Q3+ZN5:BZ\N8'2!J50@:PA'*5'E^$*4

MQ`WG862CV


M


MD6T#UOW`'S[?)Y2KE[\H0M072-,RW1/1;,/%^4Z`7BXJ$X/,N),QT1(SH!

M$T)ID!!J`P\G[K!&XB2`E^6$/U@STS%YK$X@2;83A^IUQM.*DACK30&28#YQ

=L%.+DOWWW+JGIRMO=]L7LL=EF=

JBLA+



D4

*4I0V_.3RU





S`984\.V5U&[5*54

JQ&$EMH

5)JJ#N+M-A\;
M'WN?/F;]3#KH!!@A.R28^`&!`2C/P5140H.5U#0
T
E?QGG]?/0RXB-^%R




ML^K

MJ/^5U8=1I!^S



'4LYBV[*9ZXR7U9(3VE=6IW#K:1.F5QM(M8]`+0=50SS(D`)N*

MOCRDNP]/[;GK4?5/Q7;;:







QS
)


ME!@K+OD:87:4TIA(*V'QM8.M)E







B#C#FK=AU'KKFT],]*V]!T:'48W

QIH

S0)OOH^+75VFM_4^W7[)

ML6&%OU[)AH6WX&IK;V37]C)3][


M+1C&)+8C8-Q51.D


F=5
W$J8RS+_.@DBW*X1Z9](I4$I]?OP!ODAU+`D`1/9E
M+G%,?/TU^'6CT01TTGZ]X70!QN7BXQ$@J#EL![9+T;V91LP=?$KWA.Y`
]J

`@


FK%=&_36RGD46;;9:W%_X
%&VJ!96VR3))9I.*UP]6E&1^XD4T

*0$.K&?!NS98Z4B

J2FC;*L24BC6^-
M/.,REQ8((OJVL-DT%1$OL4-2)!2$+LQFZ*O


V71GU%-)1(D='-(

JCP9841)&XX3(:J$!

M^K[!9X1T(CL6.I4RIM4T7R.Y@O9=%TB_.\_I27-9L[G]@$J6^W7_Y*RZ9H
M7I)\6Y3YAN0E^X^F1T

\2K$N67'O3Y76&G$5





$J78N1'F%#[TELSS_4P*=-A@4Y.`%_I
MF!$2^OBZ0,!K!A\/?*S;;5L_6*5)!TWP6[J)=2'7A*08S'5\?S5MWQ_7XGH


Z72/[
D]ZSZ4G#Z@Q\^G:_B
M&%.8I2A$41AD5^&@^C^-07JBHH/MIT%\!;Q=Y7C_OU4PWV^4/U6!;_9C_+



N@


`T];T@


M
++RDN/RPLK
D%
L6;F9LJZ:969/U]*GZE`V=Q7)V7_M&UY'R1A')^#:F\GX


M0`5[?C-@M66ABZ


J%&;T2Y^




K7K])!:J%IHRU<6TI/JZ&P44=921J

MN;S?9PB=@Y'_GT*GDN



MWP6QEQ-.SE

5H#
##':`5X;P=8AU7WHIN4!*ZLTZ
MV=I08-CLJZ%B#MHGA))7


MQ`MP[$74H8E
ZJPV@N%$F(






'5-0=;'\)DG:

MWQ3-[:&IFW7;



O%B.9'TQPP#99J/&5=)UQ(UN
M$

$F2-*8I#.(TP

8

](IIU.6






M@)!

NYP3Y
**7OZ-5'JEJ+Q0
M^C7C$DMJP8:



\):*^YKH]B
MBN6^DE



LILWR7VQ
(U-5GPWPJ$NAYZ9P
MJDH;H%*W3FOYI.62]5):+4F8M6HM:\=5O58B1DBQ/^V+:G]7O3]LG\`[O+4\

M%9?YN1E64WL=3(O(O@`;9]1?)X\6!`&MYE1FIIM$2
!;)IP7!\4.I![U`D@C




MNNUZS#'JE&
I=_VJ:BQGY%0Q5J#4H!87W_)5&




^LJ.]0J22J
M4UQBO:Y.

7-_-





M\

M`\F7_AW
;W/;]^MJDS
M[Q[HJ^IR^9=3/^:UL\RWSI?R9<


M%3SP/:BBBEDRTJA
F[`^WN[*95&L*LH
YVWGC)2/]W_D.[;DKGDF!(91Z)&8


M+MN&EME:VO6R%/.X
L%!&@



F0:N;3@O2H;HM*
M8YU/

7=W?5@L7X81Y.,()#C'F
S

M8




K
MV5

RSTZM)6H5WXXY:\*
P


M]B.











MRW8WC)R[)G2'U@E
W2W*L]AEJF2F
DVDVSJ?Z3+OVJ2FE4:)5^
*WOSVX7/Q



MU-V=)
/&#]M&])J6R6;]M-ZV
6S;:
@^'&-

M6

YWQ8J6Y:H?S21R411F
M$&6I%Y

M&R5N2!+D^22)AJ;2.
!R[QJJM&\_NN0F&E1.3]R7#_-E90Y4.2D%$@TI*0


M\9#7Q4ILJ*BW(S1@8#M@CB$)#YB[LLXWSL?ZL=@Y/[;8?G(Z=!./FK
L71@[
MXYFU9`1I


MT=N#['K)$K\

-/M'Y^+`H._W`-.__7F[+:L\Y_5[S4:
-?@7:C)
D2

MZ!60(^N=/^]R?B
R9\%I:)AZ=W\&3U^8YFSN=Y;
FU93]/KR49NQJF0ETB]5



-+W!/
M:YSO=M^8M+4W!/HTA2GV:.9!A+`/





3EP20Y=&!0(1'Q8A\
C5$J-86KM3!)TDU)
MPA09D\ZW&2)K3



M'[HPQ@!FAXVT4*HTW2P2X]%6#]Y9;YUCS-)AEU%_B




MO`C)*)[
=PV+6E\PL9K^7?HC%BX


MU2&:NYK_E)A+ZX1Q3%HB)F.M.%.[/XH4N7V5H]G\H&@01P`$3-6`ER0H(6Y?



R52BLJ?-ZP[K0)DKMO5;G548.@PI^8_!BF3DYVCL'T3#EI

Q63%*EP%1

MB'!


I2[V&MW8
M)+(^0SW^=9:E*PC

M?
B5=5=NV?\NFS=*.`[\R#ICP8_V'?UFO5VNGS?%X3FB+@8!UD6T8);19C


M.
X@A!D!


27[K);Y\



MO+K$TI=




MH2'C
:4@Z$T(8YETPRV'1XE`QDVQ4`UL

M26W\Y0




LEC%<OV.@0MUYU;C0QQ93KCE#
8($NTE3
6J5^46/U


ZHV#33+UY2U:LBZ@:<P?O4VZ777F++

M@`
^VC++A!IY-MF@!\@PJ$]JN+)H$8Q




4D1
MX]PG#.

M/




#'GC



MH&D*N
%\V):;9MWF])#-\KUXP[Z4377

:
(SU$OA
MG&C-]YN
;WDT3O?;;;6Y_^[MCIK;A/]:'E.LV7$VZC^LWTKZW4[TQ_.;.\5
MG^:4G6B^$00!KBH0TD8=.89/*T6\PE9[=L)/@;__UU[V_]E^*Y/?NGL:Y1WU
M-.LR`N
TRB/@Y#V

M_P(FG1FR=YQ:\SL+PY:CIJIOP)C77+W-%@9
5ME8\:H5+X#?K(4.;)@P6)C:

I!IQY/


MCPU:I$RHLUBL?BQ7FP5/PB#P68$#[(=1FB(2Y'TPAF'7_^A%F)E(WL=.%Q1)

MN.1^3;XQV+(EY.[U@8
M3Y;&D\7QNO)X'[L20=DW3[6JH=*Y&H61==;*M'/



0DS0/@R!







1$O+WV[-AO/MGE;PZW9+YY\F77)GP



MG`00V!24K=J:EH1ANX;FQ[H;M6(F=6.FVM&?]BN':;]7I_7Z*AN='YPX]Z?G

4Y@4S3


M0=[+X!R1.





!9QJ




HK\A`H6


MD%R

M=?_GA_KK_XA2=N`0/YSSXIH#+]!BLEDW9L5T_;6AMP;

MU?=%&!=9FM`X*8HXY'%1!!GI`Z4481@HH$^?AQ0'55XKRQ.ZP*P`NZ8*YN&
M:=$X)4Q7IR9
`H



M6:R#
43/-0


[GO@R
M:+3J[AB4OG,A;Z1),`N2E$<$)3EBK!CPD47@Y@U[^ESMO%.E,WK0=$V][=LS
M3!,REX9Y

3'

#JJ.&.#!LR)?

\

M:JU\Z)MJ+@MCQ*#QE`P3SCK`(Y.EN4S6

[<MNM'C<+
MGV:(IT61IED0^%G4)$-B6IAZ
/H`WWZ/-095'5)#9#I%DW35!ECTR\MMJA;
M98PH9QZ

M_@(*^A8H[\N_VXAV536[]^5*7MNUP




CQY=/!_^2KP@U
'KIX'Z@H









M-GF7168NWM0D9F'*Y&\;FX
ZO0O&MB4N5'LC,MO:*X)@ARX-VRRY6YYT5[




M

(=JX(


MF$;8IWE()AF@=!ZHW-6TF.I39GV[3O2K$]@N];&:U4A'H!
E**6X^-)55U






&\G28%`GI50E5E63KIV0N9R6+7DLD[AMDBW=


M(I2C[E*;

J

MH9A/9S%D%)
/,C:<FU
MOQROHUYYS(\2@@,<HYR(

#/PDW?N[75\]]]&OGS/`ON#OSB[F)(%Q6^%G#[([LS^OV

Q]A`(/YY#$.2_^TV@`$R
6K7;E-[&X



MN:#J[U&KJN'&0N6R8IMS4D:?#5


M\:V:X7%6'
NOKO([G`@;Q$$
X]!+XXQ1#S.(@Q3E
.$DHN73I3:5T;MJ?&
MKV_=U+P^0)M$N=)G#O[4BALMZJQHV1EN+LC65#8=4:C);E1F'S(CUT63NN:/

^@J]/X/1S!W_[









MTL&4GT$410F$GN

TV9VHR
MIDR7%9UZ@Y



NKQ'#(8
&NO)TWC6DY@9J-937#.4+F4

L]1@)&


MTM7V%#4?FF9?WJ[2`&

.R;#J_.;AII

M
_:=$



M)&4RHXZHRW0_7AWQ9H08J=M./Y6W9?D@
M`?U8Z^7J$AZW5==JD?(8*\C*4X
M(SE




3/^-1UL)0E


M4AB'!$&$X^BX`2UFE*F]LS)BTOK[*]G19V:*H4.Z[J3#%MOFIB%78
`HWH@U
<V<TGQE`O$NBMYDG]Z=TTPF;&H#8:_!9WIH&`Y\%`2)'R/J!3Y.



6K/-68`QS*@'69CZA
\ACYM!



9

RC$9%.`5A!5\X%X/[LM



K(T\)^Z3PU-0+D1\'ZOKS=;\OKNP^[[SRO5_53G_?;
MFVY0EC_:E#OVKQ5A-`Q1#+
@X!F?D9Q@DK



M`0MF9Q3'H6&^;[DX@:RP1F.:]/=7R!;D6U\G3\^-.F5:22VMDR^_/+9@$/06

DM-M)=
6S=3(
?))GR9HY@G2F*G'I.'BEW.*C<G1`*Y1MUX]E





M.K*I'[F%\F`!XR1)&4Y)B(4(I^F63Q8H#0,9`LYQ:^U+!4#&ITE6U6WB_0


]4BJ?)QBPK

:D=J-7/^



LF;)I.HT\3DS4S4;A

MJS#T`[N^FYS/@FV7N+$+.PBAZPWJKJ3CN7/-3J]`[?N1G_XN9J)ZC@73)JS
M:F=?T?15GGB3,]F76)2?U$[RQ;+GM]-,&S;554?Y.GDZWU55FDN3DRO(MMW
M'$RP$T608C=
`KM_4$+#075!X_^Z9CWL6ID?09(]7BE/V#!=T\N5G'I)T:3Q




M2C%?_#OV`9H71X/VQ4WBT2_SOG:9'^$%73JOUP&ZA?Y[5MUSL;_YO@-_LK18


C9:
M'6!(Y841%R+R/_&M-E\SVIL7*_

CNT0^CZ)+0@H3'%

]Z%B/PSNA7GY$?Z\G(E

#BFQ


X5TN85PDZHW7325V(DBDP9*=Z


0=9G'F,#6]#_*B7&-Z/VM``R.C0)'5HG&?L??:RT#M6G'





01)L[!VC?:X8(+;




M*/3Y

M*0:
E0#6'<,$))!UF'XN=!\;OQ9!GJ'Z
M=N..GB\=V)MZG!'L+;W(`O8AWM-8M:YT\PD.BZ+$\7UZ1H<9J2\AL\!8K;9


M*VD;.W^#:B9]WBL==+L0+4)_8^[OG


?RM,_L_N:FV;`+UE35Z$Q\F3?(HPC'^G`D],;!)TMBUQ'V
CZ;N!V@=


-NAQ@R/@LO%'CT
&QI?9?2$9/SHW[-YT`_BK1@T$;%#C


M\E6L2K]R^.#=5LB.[

M-SAA
6A

=4(_O;?\CW;(_


]03M(;[0$M-
);&(LD.GGA##[61'<+YBI^&
M\':N_E$E[0MY2]7:]+RZ43UA@]]'+@/?=CG9IF6)?V??;EFQCT84H?$B46C

M-8'+A;Q'4RS8*1M8(]Z1K

FF_*.*FA1V)FO5O_\WZWY6R5W7'N]7:_X0_^MOJN415

-RX^M)(ZAYR9V2#SLQ8G=:VD4
M2]W):1B:[C-FXI!@:\U_@

73(OUD^S2ZF!(YR)Q@5AK#&BM


MBCH#FA8YGR651QMAH@)AG54K&R+DT
0*`A3%5D@YBJA[





2*7$H#-X[LH(
91I8M%Z)
HS
:
MI&)V6QVW/)&(3E?@V&10VPQ.C98
8

M.^=
-)MK&PDGLUF_FX9;Z-LHO+5ECR'1[MN1%&8)Q8'O(\EU@8=H\.K%AR
QR/8\<QE?A=0O
M1%:5FO0\LZN<KF'7H+ZPYL@W)V*)Z[.]?]?WXF)Y[/5A65;'K3CR!-R'!#B



MQ`\A=&R1;8OBA$3$C5S)D\@*'ZR_Y%PTGN^0BIOVW@FP@$]G?P$]8'!`;'@&
M.YS*
T^=K
M#IN5_3+D2G19EUSIJ^!^V$+?%.FC)JD=.*&+X-T)U[^`#T,:U6M1Q[<Y.Z.*
M@E?B!JJM&BG;72.5+^;'5K_:Y\5#._++&<E?_/K(C$ASNTGFY5''!01FD0.
M#K`?0#%[ZC#X7F!W.G@SO



46@Y%SD9*;W[H!



MG?
)+N/#YYY*'JA9YVE99=_JLWH/K

M#
LI?P/O?8T/'``V=9!7H


M1

M.PCLL$/E4B254-0


M'H8$A7%$L!6$_5R:V#'2I_A#$2Q4Z'VM0C_8/3KT78=G3
BZP
UE?;=H
6_)


M@;6GD(&AW'\TV'#WZ^[A8;Y^J@%]H#[:RX]Z_:9H]F2_)HG'=]X0O*?-K3![

XH
MDF!0N5Q%3GC&9$DXRG1IN*K8


M5K

MNC*.K:9+*
NF@
M8Y(*@21-DA0!0*B?;08J-E<L0@0G5J#H\UM62+8.ZL%H!//,.&3C6Q`

MD




MYO+[`U/KSW]__7?4*&O*1\:S-2?K3I-I+-?
4/1G]+7SZ]E=O+6J
2S3/X9R

M86%X!\WP:^-:D/'@46-.#`'=C)S(J
^Q$:7/9\L0-O+OW6+[]`IM`$J5
]QL



I=O]G]N;=(WGI;X




M&K=6O`*-!U



M3T]6V\7V22PV-\MRLUL?S%.4DI)3H!C'(DXRRE

M\P/=T;:


Z!<-M<&C#+\EPJ(&
.E&1)

B$$DUK?6+4?^N!F7H&?\OBLU&FP=FFJ7DG0'3

M=D+F*-Z.



ZLYMT*HL7#*/^A__3C.?=M\''_3
GA_.[&8Z18B!E*1-*T$P*D`ZK!QQ1
=
MYV%O?(+0'@FRV#R6F_FRWDF@]:GE.IB!AGQ]$V798G.9<+TE';PY<K`U%
M]6?339:DB0D%[%*!04,3)
-Y5
0G+=2



M(XPE35/

([Z8@`:
M


#U&MZ')'.QPUY@1NW(R<&P<&U'Z?+8



_,&=,WOQ
M6YD6A$_'C#G!(R<?)\(?MS:4'A\L1[Z(\F&^6,T4S01

GTOM\MZH
^L0:]LZO-]^+

LH%@CBO+Q]7N)=438R@67D@I)+@







(
^PDAB0
M/FPEQ&B(YQHK
.

*NV*]+F[K6V<W

8=?SX;5?_3JZW/Z(A:O;;`\YH$
MV_GM./X[3W.;4U.LK!]IOONFCT;37O=L3(2709IV=A+LRS[OZ\Z?%JOBX[9X
MV
QP#+%+`T%3..01\*$DB4&(M6?]Z)-:?ZYE1XWN4(O0!FGQNQ`=)B
A

MU__




MJA





(M$[^&2TK
M^O=]3R`[=G=['V;IQ[,L_;W/TKS/4G=#6)VDZ[H!;A=XVYEVY+4V0@8F<#%W
MZ!:6HSW.AF/2S^NR&JYMGSY73VY3DOU[MWBL'_5]9$`DY)(*'B,BLC2I/[YJ
MW[N<HPPQDXJHAW`COMUZM1^B1F_SCAL4-_]7)6OWL%O6T_YJ3OFX+FX6348-
M)_$^LJ`W?1\Y`6:OM9=^SY_Y;?(:S(S.._=B6F!1^
G





A!6X:%
L\'O7HW^4DW1^+6@5%&Q+(Q

64K96^3`IX^KJG\7FVT3564`*)4*!56@L02XF2(*G.C(J-CJ,$
MZK7X0929B;:





M-8Q3

MV3+Z

HM^O4J7Q3YCQR?;2YT;9KJX9VE=


K?2UJ`0AYSAA6F%&&`T0T

M.HRNJ9/M@G:M
5N'

M-2QMA

M:UENW

M9`X1AA+SYE1DE#\_IXZ


MV&R:E$E;F&2!`D(\BD




+V








V2%4
M:P^`50_.1#_.S8+R;H()G&)0J8ZAH^+K]8^%X_N$17$8

MM#?V&.Q;=ESB+^JB7FY
#14GFU/*_O7(1@2C*D-`LXED=C*A)0*#'?%INOAP
MBY0[L)9PQ-V7.VYOFZPL7C8Y%?U\7J#[RL'A8Q#DB($]^-J.L1DHCIK]NU
M%UL=OG4V$8L)^)E1`;6';B?ID[Y?,#*L4R/+I$SZ4KZ=KS.ZY@A9GW^35?
M9U6KT'Q-EZ6\++9:Q(P0C(/4AZZ?AI@@[
F*S&\\NW\0

#VH&`



6`B

9L.*O]QL+MO@%N7K



*VT0`'$

A%


C6(ZMF$K.O\M_:
M`7YO+`'2%-#8,G4Y%

&R%ZF(A/
MS;&:1$MT7X1;'M]C]?P/(\(_)JDOJ9B*=1DPI[3ZKR(9KJJ:B6F_^6Q?9I

*($)9#A!J?RG=MC&
AC+DOE^


M8$]G[YL#79
2/5CJ#\Z7[98=M_5#469_\_4BB3T:

??U[?+TKR<NCR9^Y_6VS]S^1ZJ




MFZT0F[7RI1;(-68.,MB^Y4L;RCCZRCT(^(@/W9],1RX01K#H(?N4$7V]Z8
M$V:5YD?$MS?JHOR=KXK[78P7)5;Y=EMMPT9:$O0



M:7.N&:VR4WIEK-3V3
\\DCW!I9KJFG+


)GZ0LC!*O21MMWN1F6ATAY%0TW:WAP^O\VJ[+Z

MW_F37

M:L=U



H1M??V@`#:`)_O;OYUET]DC3+$SB3^?J
M+\KY&8V'R2B
)Y_.O]Y=P#M\=77^[W_]X[]^^^^+B[_0[?69FPR+&8WS
YS2


S


M%?/Z?YVF=/SI/



=8T;!9I^C_&VO+?%]DVOM;Z

B

MLS$F#**[G+E



.^5[Q;M^[BA^KFM`0(J.[5I46=+
M]*^%.\59[@I-DXBMT3+R=Q'F=9N=S17UC+]UIVVC5I9MZUT








9#FB&:/U$:\\W.(D_2%X^.


MGM(\7*R]5M%!#=IF2GK$S4*@(N#AY3TG



M#%S?W/'NY$


7/
M@R8+G_8*.[1';*P6$)6#D5^O6ZX#@VCUCJ7X:RBTGT@Y8]6&[)E$@R+U9C+



[+
M6P0OAM



QU&G*-:Q$(Z
M7EFI6[IZ.F[TD1%56[[[\*HO!7?W-2LT6_:NT1Z?VBWD6ZKK80!-PS8-%P!F
M(JG(C5$USO'=;024?

*@N]UE9\OK.B#()



5%S%H_7[


M2OLNBT\!5+%N6

MD]@:0(:I8-O$2#%L8


%8-9-FF`;%BJ(ZI
M0;B.5AWMQX_=NI@\V_+76_O7#C(;I7R'6-P*'1+=MCW'=HF.5C:X&-BG
X*T
M:+=M+=^*MU[V\(XG!6S^AVS7*^ZY@VPAA`S87`0P!8JEO989IM4Z6.M?V;

M0WGLV3-0$\]`50`%3

:(


R&DXWYMXLU?&]X!I$`1T-K
BK`)^J42U;ZP;\(2VTP]IKZ0;









M$#%!W\8F
1%PH&;9)B:*JZRSO%03M=WJ4AOOT7=Y:60GN_2RN6WA&)OGX&*[
M50)2ONZ:AF8X.E!53R&68;GKMQ


![!$0M3\C!C?Y'G


:4C
]Y?OX`D


7]_.F*HIT


.2UK/R
/MH
YYM
MV^72OGP+


*


6&@RAQBK]SZEJALR87!*-Z$5*




M?/I4W$UFIERVL9SWM@G&(X^$@DYCJJ



41:M$^\%LNAHJO)&LN/QVO8E]@=&WZQA





M]\B53K'-($2M[IO3X53(+S`GID



MQYD.UOCEG6]'J`[R[NU5*?'C(N9IW7'N;`.*(*DXBE'`,RFI%2XH)XTL&J




9ES!%P&QGZ3V^H&+K72QU(_9D(9OC



MG&CJE%




O4-(5!.%7E_0U7
?K!L0^B%$Y3-4=EOD.L)V.$/]

M&






M8DQD!^:-L/+@:%E\VI*

%C)Z\)P990$

M.R3(K2SZ[OV&O;


MVCKEPZMG
ST!/CSE=@

97$

M3\7(!14BZ=



M]JL*)W/?08S0L706


MBNA
)[




[2T!/78`Z^6O32#:W


M^N=ZEN3:YL)D3Y-SA@`V'.+G(B[^C\E?S:K-Y/08HO&T:0`P/D.'(:$$21





F-RZE_25+[Z\21\KBS)4X
MOVMCK/Z

.`YILD*54EPX'4W3MOZ+-Z](#L&^[VE1HW;1
M@


*N
KZ]$SZ_M-9/`^L^O$.
M^7F^Y7@O\K9!(%677Q

M($/0^A!X6R7Q$H!E$ZOAE&Y#M

W[^#MG_:#K@`
M'1^)]HQNOPF0UUE0CE+@&.$0




3B3#A8S





=/S+CY8OGTQ


G-=-.*NV:5DLWH0+:


D@!+ZC6\('\+#6&&-75BK




($_Z(9S`#F/B+04.$LNM:K+7SIO4

='W?=F98TG\(Z^%&#MYHJ+W






M%J&;%_T_PI^7#P=MJ_(I@EACH*&J*K91W_/RV(+4D'N$FV.#\^9L='/PY=_S

V)($A7827U@M=W(;VD



M7=DD23R`BB#!
-;Y$=[?ZQ`#2GUOB'?<1!2@(;A);*
X6TW&&
2I=HQP[;X0J$=*
M`^BA`$R;^)_3I-E'(CRUKMN(DB7X-P@X%]DHM7WZQBK-?%KN+J5A-R]R\W

M(8IC+GIZ+IW#5-.'\%A
J2+ZD!0XLC8Y$_'
$6!L[?WJ^EMUN_;V[^*F*.ZV
X()(*Y#P@2$


S6.]8)Z[IANV\:K

2!C6
R5@-1!(3!%3;9)*I%ZW6.$0B07BN[Z@#TW
MS1[YX6U.Z!6

6(-PE/?/E5J9*P?Z-D'VO.K[




09
MA%@#-=
V5?Q[A+6U\E!P0/`O1\&^Z\=*&^'U@&F&@6.$




%Q^*H[K_3Y\
M$2
31Z21S

W!E;]6Y7K]
MSH_YE$=/!:L-M0(IK#RT&L9NU/



(

8
E*DGO4:





.1NQ56'B#OM3)&&R8QP\IXU2RZF$^5YH

M



FD

M?AT+5SI\)D!B50.864(Q!XQQM4D4[6SAV]]TG@P?
X9CB8QY)2V0Z\/XF4



MB0


M
#7.8:1$AYY)70##M43VL\^QYPOCTB=AV-F9N@NS-@_'#@1W%C/7#2:D
(
MQ`\]XB[UX
ZLQ

6P!O49A,/BQW.9K\_&!EE-!@$:
MQ340.0`:21PXRW-+AAI7`V)89/\HTBTQ?D
B+H)*08T4$1B3!JYH^1G9'_D
M*CRK%6(_6(LL+O/YZB'.]$LUK^*LXV*:NGAOHZ+[EIH]PP+7#FDI./608BL=
MD(JU4F*?&UB:X#8T$'D&1+-,S82?56J8\FM_%?_GCP5O8_3E1PC2BQ$1OK6
MV(IPY=8%[.TI+V&V#L2*(_`KP8*Z1N%6U


E5`D)
M6RD!RRU%

(XY+AU
M

@2
Y:S3@V9I




I$ZNFD-#`[3(R6C^

8]
08(=M@&/39

MRD:Y5'[VXKZNII!6UKJ1Q/=J.7^[Z6&'47''1\)JJX&Q\5/!&DO5KL+
BEPF
M33#V

M

M\QI





-XVHKX
]/F0BD/



MFOUP+
R
K`J:'A/@M





MQC_=WLT6Z]K5M__T^_:`8%(AQW3A

M0^BC6/FHNHCUTU3-C]GZ^U[_^YY1@4EF/2#21L@05E!$P)*




2
G&
G\Z
?;'F1MXGQ<'&I'A7A-'$.<*D!2X4M4@[9W#K+
M\)]X2?^5=#2UG8K@V]O.3]+TI/'+X8$!R20'ADEM&'I=S9HI(9.H%RR_A-X
MZ4_6(Y5S&DK6![L6H5U%P[[$?.\E`1+!C364
`$=-M)1BAL$**&YA69@]]#



2:L@
#[:(HZQ]O

@*L#


M/

*
M8B(!BJ8+X`TBAM)SK)I2P%
X'.(E./BENMNMY!?7;S?0[G16[O.:B`+!C$.F

;JY4$
#P^%?P3[\E#T*25]V^1M-!Z3-RJD24RIL?%F1_T#G[G8$9
M+^L^&\0J`V0J=-.8T$2P[$[7$XRB%&1H*744/M'$#^]A/?\QVT1AOE17575;

M;'`P$5*
I=+4.PXAP10TOB^@,A-@,R]QWKF!,Q'OB37+J[M(B&TO-KTX]G;
M`X/$BIAHJ`!G3!


M1AU)U^%-`7M`(\20F,$T9`I*ALLI#E?(7G2L'AE3`MA^$@CL*@L25(4XHE




MVZ5WM5Z^WL_6]^=-P.


I2PT4DI:+3D]6.)G-$]&OR+Y'$M`O;,288P5]R21@K@




Y_7:YGR\VLOHD5-\GZOVZVO!F*^?D_&#@!R4%E

VYF&__KYN$J'C0^


_%`1%A.ID!%686DP-[[!T@&;6RY@@N7+
M2GE63JNA$[-]/'9WPDI!3@AT0#-@*4*:.B-;R\V:7+?U!(M?3(#-(VCDQ.S-

Q`G+\K/0_:0WMB?:)`J+;.9\D]/DB_-HA0//.




M()%!`#%MXN%+



M\:&Q04I'J+






W


MK:+.`E(O48:I

M-4BRR\1-L&+UT

MN'DJ0G78ONRBH@E2.

M7_S#YX





MFIL'XZW5!`-JI0:8




MY7QE42P^R;;A







M?

['
NE[]R47PY$BM=
:F*(0=I\_+=Z?

\PZX!7R\3T#GM1OB$+FO`MU'DV$]]'5`X(\


W^'_/\5\6U:!Z^5ULE/+Q7JGW*;YKE5G@3%LN


J
X22%59
H*
%(P?J8

M6*^E50YK`1R4M06H
.7GLVTU-&N&Q'V
V6C?@4^:/(^H_W%
7PZ2





MO(^@W%OH`;*D

M`'NJH8H&PC

$DX%1%=GRX-D:A



M(;5XO*NQAV!MNPD:`R8\4
EVE)I8264M&
`PV[#_#]RD'P'__P\V?#'O1]5@
M#[W0A$!FE.6J5H_&

#!
M$N5E]L7FS*.#L^%8/L8OF'+:%'Z/EYYNR\WLJIBO7P_RK!+Z0P%TAQR1@AW


UJN_/UL.I:PD?
%ZWZ



)F$-`

7)=7_W6S_/'?U^7LD3OQ/]Y2)GX5OI0W







A#6U*







M]P+



'1MI)Q.HL&/`2REET8?T;EGWHF0&^8YA#@_8]6
M]?B^C*I8Y[1`Z;#.TZ4I;2(T5!C

99=Z(
B?
H
M/LIL

/?EZOX!!?D89
M<H?P2/KM8^(T$<7Z.+[972(XM??OQ\=._R^91P^1)A8+*VR)&)@G*JWDR-.

M;S7EO@;*V]Q`O=:WU
^)+]UQSB3.U:MXUU597'S_4D2G*MV)O2_6Z[U6S'&-
M0TKLK#6P&`+*E=
:2?@L!








M-W/VG[%!DN

.HH&L
MVZG_7

;R=1?NP
Y@;+K+F=AB()@`RS;'E&EID
M2?RLMR`0R[W5/



#FKC\1U,5I^3IM3V`SREW4F?-OPL/[!_?\6<@4ZQ6#W&@C5&FAYI%
MSQM32Y3S5L89UUF.G*C?1IA=0FSR<U%W%O4(Z_CD^6U1W*6:/?\NK].A=BL&
M?=`V*)QVV256$&!J44
0!N1G.)^^7=Y\%NF(YUAJ2*GT4][--
?^2

E3)







5_WN?K$X##



@M^*F*ME7:=S1?+Q8


M]0G9Z6BQ**_6*^Y_/[+.[1V3*0:

MXV




M+_Z

?:
8.80LK5-G=&L75;G750[-J%MKV4\+Q6\AK

S`B2*48RJD0
J$*@PP/M4?]:I]5:KI-`3J=9M57:8KFC;`M%+1


S<?XU
M3J5XMU@\1237WNW#T_S^4UR+/\PG]Z]%YK7&9XHY[K4T@7-#E;3&JHI]XFSR
M_;$PX
3Z)0%NPP
=FOL_/T4H#_F?XX




M05-B+9;!




MUU+QZH`C()Q\3\W`L_L-8GH]ED1UE\Z1S=X)HS

*K:HWCG






)G%`'92=KJK@+C2I[J=TG.5S


1&'69:8A$CSZ.'\I?&
M:;4DGB3[^@H*XIWA1L5%TX.7AG






ON2+Y9KNUC_


5U55[`GNE'KQOB;T2`WLE+6(8*+'E



$(0@EP#SQH


T%B$K3P6
M;/*5WUUV#A?4^I$CYWIH]^G(F6J



E=ASN=-#EO!6H0SK[FSRTFBEA'`)AWCB$G

M/Z^';2L=HK'QV(\67X[WIO@Y9.9CE^7=AKB21803S@:@


(42EHE!Y&^9



M!Q&B@+(


M

5$$`K)GW
MDC#)R@X;%CMVM

I+/2#[1GDA6G!)C5!6`@05O!*5

M;S]85(A[B
A8$X%BPD$@W&YE`NE3SZP[N
-IW&3.A[.O+H2,&.8^BG&%BA
ME`6ZE5+A


&O!






(/B3(]#\?,:4MI
MK9!M%PA.UQ.KD7)6.22=4SIR7QFD2CFQ=(,U,1O.=(55_I`=AINV

MKG7+-QNWV-^']?:?P]_Q&;[4_HQ

M#+Z#V*\O!UAVK?BXM?G[_':]V.]7=ZM\^=?JX7ZU^?A/OOX[_S.NI??G5J?$


ME
)Y;HNJ.SX`!RZ?S06.$RDTZEAD.H5Z!_BJ;O]WN_QA\?7-YR_1[KNY^V&:


)A

MSLG&SX/16


UNF&6S&E&&C1#(^!8!XS1M[,)YU^9SK;T0

V]E185WC
%ZYSFVS'L5*N28=JF&\JC=S^W



M]M7YG*6[57V'
MH$XC$\PK'T^*T68C3G!KBADDDPDNKY'6$U^.Z=+JDH7CU$]3Z_W7[:K/ZO
/GQ\//99OW)LWFX=M'R1/





M-9T#/;W





M
CO3X4=376Z[PG+\:0O`K=7&:$(-IIIIT7E1%!!_S)5,E*YT1;1*Q9(89'+
M*Z


M;P+4KIO1#/)!HGN==0,+@0O%7&245L4@0=7;2HRD!EE'2@VUK])LA.J4*
M*Q1QA:3+LXHHSD*&I'ODCF'?6K1@Q%NC=USI1-(IQ$4Y
@2RX0H4N]40(IX
M4F[VSA.6ZB



MS#XAVW:_*LA0620=\+KI-V76.JH$0@CBDJ`9%5*71K(C0`9+9Y\9JWO60]\I



<FV?R9P9I5FYGG[VJ-
M1'-7N#G8@^3-KJWV-(`,$V*=-%A;Q1R5$DDIGIGI


O


MKH#`W2]VG_)S
^7
6QD@'Y0(#H0R`C&D)/('&:DL$J52PT@C7
I'R9QM7YJZ



6.
ME(:Y`G&`*DY$!,S(&STZ+E_'L]9,X;^69\T6Z
`:CE@2K3@EJD2&X3E;T.Y


MUI!AWDC
N)(
*V6`Q5/S=QU0B_EOS]I\;(Q4K0]N:)R7XWW^=QY_4=?&J/5A



V_(4




MU(%67U=1:POG(`0I^I=N#D

MU(G%__QP%@7!/GB&XH\T1A`;*G`(]C/J;]^UQ9&*87U6[//;__BT_?L_E_GJ




L^]DA$0&IA@W@1A30`:


M)/$L


_V\
O_LP?[K?+4WGG_7Q1

MLZ=@BKI_RBCNM[I77AS/%I8WC/G73&`N$DE/*%.!&GGW(ZLLVW*U5

M#H85_V&+.4;
6R)+B4A`J3E




@&
MYS6$4A!O`44`NNDQF$R$6+K$5$@)G3EX#GB;`^EZ(;C-8122&P]L=XI2XT)



7M14#(PYPJA#30IA
U&K<`
M'2%3I_<4&``KL212L

M]ORE95A#5]U^*)^V5W*N5N7B;MNNQ=HZ\^6%LV&9!U9QSBG'#EL`&KD`PUKO

M')(;^SZX^I('5*SGG


8Y
MP4QKG80+CU2MU]4FGE_\/L_S^9;Z_K7&[?+WZ+%N
J*(SPP*_+Q:K^:U0;


\Q]+$[-ZJZ?]DQQOZK^^U@M;IY:5.8)K0MKM

ADH9[


MLN0



F5($YG^!;

MV03];=!]'FP'4H
GA


.&N'JL5


]8



KAQ@&V5[X
M4*WB+\J[AZAV;%F!4=62(,1]Y[8,[LI6X#8GI[?J2'X5L&84Q1&KSKM#
M
135IFF\!^@6P:EE/SLE(?#60@N(PD'_`26H8));[9EH/TP8KS'67_8S1%*&
M_[UC%')!/3#$UQA2D;S=




ME\(HPKCU**S78GLS^W;


M



.!_1


MA!)2




9!&RBFLZ#E)L99


MGN$I%?C;WU!@%BO$.2N!Y%A(A8QH\$1
IX8[3#3
\#QK[3(R&0D?6TVUD]\1
M?'`

SHCOCDC#O@W._?_RTVL[*I]#KGY9?


MA-&ZPR[X(=/)J[CT6I
?YF]N4A\##R
M&HS;[I]J=3-;!T=^=E
U_YA



MM=[K?P/$G\O5^M3%-=

M%JO66L&9/U4@H3F`1B-JG`G29H*J&DV'46\70_^]/5OYNE7FSZU^T#4/%=

_

M:92TM#[UQMW3XPGD\U195'?QD.C3VXP93+A7-FUZWYXS%CA!.`&(TR!E#IAI




L/B4P@D2EWHI&$(%*[^KJ9
VWV;A?4\OYJ^C5'0<WM]'H&GU=X)E0-K*<&2Q.7AMGDD]UA#7H+SNC5
M<CV+5(OQB&.`;!V9YGX38K?\2T$I#X1CR`.)G6/81F^BQ))+T%LJJS=+[6$%
M,NQCHB:$;=`Z8R=\DI8#X@B!!N@13EG!FRN?CTY3.#-DK!]D'
RO#1UK6MW







M[(976\G@Q7=!42`-QE@S`SV1`!'HRGEXKW-/6L;(CW;D^2-+SD`S)X_SE^G-


MZABSF%.NGM2$1+GQRB





[#KY0WDX8VOR?5ND^;!(L*D







$$



]A-H96\+'XQJ^K$3:K8K\


(H
MYRAQI(++.YW[&&&$.JDO]IP!;\_4
8OYUO'93&:?II^_G$2BU]L&@$5*/(F`
M=P9HJ3E!GO+H5P%'#
Y!U-O]0*T!3JU`O309Z-/KY*?GZMEGHN^WEF(YJ-W
M$'OF%`*4&N!LZ;T+B,T%Q3[V





W?UKZSUH9C73?UJD.@((B%Y6!%D1H*@2&

M[H&I8





K
]LW;7M7[7\FL\U.=K/9XMMD
M?O/:O4K_0?/
;;824&`(]Y2B!0MH?#$YKYZ&M&FVR'CAA1%?\HN&2G;B-U%

[*N:3V?:-]C;)2Q%A7*N;

MYV[Y`?_]LN*Y/10$


-`P)

S3
THCNH+JG5*KA]T*B\OSV=1S4M`P'(&


PD1E-)H6\W-F-P7WZ=?
M
75>[:`+YK2#:G_N_^XD(]WV^E=E$XQORE6NEA_*XKY+MG!8OFX=VCVQ\_1
MD*Q.I)\B5.)_N*RS`42I1$8KD^+?N?


UL0QAY`@$GM;HD*YR@W/'E%H[=!Z[4S(AR/BB==*S3L)5`F#M8_&



M+3-.$P$APEH#4Z+DI+B@^NK=\K-SZ/LEZ$\OCM/9WG3R9YQ*\D@SN'E2CZDT
MN.=``H:$EC[5


M6BRWKPR2!H]RO%6KFJ5T67?BQGGKL


MEL


MMNBE0(1JH@.S#CL/BBBOJ]Q


*]%Z\($I(5Q@E

14SCFLF


.





BN]9T^XO)WGUSO7+G:F3'
51'K)W5







PXSB3








R&$Z904QHJ@*1

MO[KOCR+7HCD$.]+5K7]
9\*+Y'C]T8);SHWV#&-/';$@C25-#X_0G)U^K]


MSN'/!\2?SL1@MVI?4&JLI]0&G

Q8A
M186G@BO-$`


MKX6QV'GILNYDFP*D`.]U/+DK014SV(0:S8ANKB-T@BSK6?\-V):#^#7O\]!
MUZ]PN.@AN]2T$1ZK#`$F5Z5Q\)$Q=5[B/9KU.]#7ZUU/CQS(NP!VLJ.E1
MLR*'71F]%59(2J@SSB#'Y:Z\EZ\P


M5!P8YI(I)N)D(10I':JA(LIF4/R_$T6=5WH6EOEJ+V_/AM:^^E2A:?)V$1GI


M

MO5'@-=3K6



K++2C
WKI:SC:7!65U$XA



M!$+:!%I)AJG+?7AM@FZ['BC3:9#L.5YC!_B=UY\7NWUAPOCHS#648XT0TE

M$

W0?Y\U/PD2




LNKDINCD
NQ7JFAK'O^T!]'+;5
ML^77C\]1UJWX=K2'PG%B#/'Q3(Y]X(+P'#ML--R1L%H'7/A(M.ZP'L:@?XO


+HI2RH($*0Y9SP=TP
0'U@]53S&\Z%%O]94=QAW0X7
MLJ32!J*=

PCT


F'1:&!R\UTPK%8PBBGE$

MN&RW*)[LI;!2

%A;@]ISQ$#)G%N%DWS1+YIUH#OBXGYT(]#O^
1

M@0B!$+^82C2K
#DD/#@AF;)&$@;

*$MJ5.%-4H
M3*X=EH.%R2%O/5!
B`%)+5@OZ]


M*&J5K;9I1U3V6R43VL%ZXD[C6)4^]#!!SOZ[7&P^_'?='54/'1:2ZX`T9+&
MA2&J()4GJI#1
\Z)VU$AN;!/U5BQN\_=[V7VV4!`E$L'8YVDO/4
281K]!A
M2
\H#GYZY
Q0P$3I&=9/YUR4F3T6B`?


MR



4*R].R]L;%0=1(R


(1.F
3D
MIFOBIF8Y40_=#
.^ZZ$#:3G77E!ML#%A2-Y4G2NOFY[&LIS6P*UA[&/W]=.L
MN'\K??WBF4PB[`F@59A-N/80XCJ7!X(XYE.94G+I;LM=+V9_NPYR:.G,B-
MMTA!JL

M7'@9D


3OHL!$
M;D4?,`]%OWB]&8$9`AK1J32W'K+9#T^1NFD[]=-:O^+]6::(=X'H[K4F[%.

+Y'V0




A55RCWF#LKC^(6FU-''']\




M4I2764HM$*=&$@T]










$$Y5!4NTOL)E/=WS)<D
R]B-]Q&RK&/[7WS*OAGBUW[*WB'C
MI0X`<L0#BA+A`WX&J(GSJZ'%FYZR;P9NQ+9W&HE8IYCUS`BB@BO!((<@'K\








($(L`E1IQ)[B#]3?L@9M04%'


.*M^2TMZ!$[[&H9\R4;[EY1WAFY.[[*\_G$&#




0FN%J)#P-MI-O%I5]G1D3`C[
M
`3\


D


0%!W%2D2
M*_0QHF4IB:$NTGIJAF5O6D^(\##[(0F-(X0KX/W^0HBR6Q:AR6L]76R6$UI/



MB!:

^[KN99A-:&^L1,.7\'17KXAR%F.UFCEP(VNCSV3HPB7"/%5`R]H/

&@F0\.5I

MV%VVQE6=[X!F+7?1I1*`67:6L4)=@9RZ2J$P':L]@HE5]+!?'@
6HS`PR;




=U!+#3W4

7/

MLH?D&%(3NM:Q[_1


M




X

4]0PA(*TQ8Y99KP!B$!J


M

''RAXS6\[+$LE%<?_O?+N_)7LQ


MS9U9/3SFQ6;W+Q^*^3J?;3KC]]MOS+@-ZROW#C(',;42@HJ;*&VD]8]'@W;
MD]EG;-Q_?;FJD-^7Q7W?^;KATI]*$9&*NFK

MG)VS\X+3D6BI-ZVFIR\9:W_]`BV1DB4UR4:3;(K9I\0VP$9]5:@J%`I53Z+=
M):GPE
\$:U#2BN'M%*:JL
JY#P\4_S.03U*Q@O;QJ'P_Q2F_^2N8!CZ`#F
MB;!*0^T@)0XK8`T$E&





MXNG9N305&=%'GU'0?`BY&`[I
73(+XL(V;K8W#]'HU6I-
P*0C'(:/0B/73$

?PAEJ)ZFXY]);O?AIU#;-DP(14!B$'+2I;Q%A
MG)
GT0?M4:?W$YT=2LGTO`8NL64ZWBZW%\]W(E$6&XB#X^;K[3@E$24H.%



M=Y6H'(S'D*9G51%M$1EUM7S(BBF^K8K=P_MI=5=N=LO_/?Q]ZP7D&W+7UT\$
MY:0P3
ID.ZP5!%%*O0@S'[//D'--Z$7H@;%]6


XC;9I&

MLMSTU_?D7F
MD4W^]IHZ;._FB4$Z2[VA##/AL%/4(O[0)(`8'VWZA=JPO%[TSY%)F[L#.[ML



MCW_X5FX7JY\VY?[;-GYBM4\!K


J__/8OEUL;ZI?[S1YK\].$2C)`6W


9-Q5%SOGQKI_?G84]&\SQQ:.;N3LR)2#*TIVI)TI88!%2RM3[






YV#\:^XZUS0V81T*5DSJ]6!*:84UK



PJXBB*4
LF/7-0][7A^:J,&^,#B22H`454<(YQLY'$:_5)D79C84G%*`<0C.!W*D
M&AE1:EMDXFE0T(Y!1*TD%FHH.6#
Y)F?V-Y'(\^


\5.

:#TO&U/@XQ[

M2
GCC



M'07`2/3(2\H9;`V
CD/A:2W:.\P.GEI(+(8(1D$F5BKD8$4W
R#;:D]O
Y_/

<?0G&D=M]5!PCW'*^[Q8
MW[3U6:_'!*







=Y1=3`XGD*HFM4`H`XA5%

MJZ?3AIC1M7=_S&XH''







MU.ZA1PPA8)W40#I@H^ZL*(.8S^CIUJ!\[_:H_32PW]NC=J\``-Q@;`QD-OI5
MC-=@26QGU+SP7/9V?=1^&J)CR


S7(Z/E



N;N(I_OK]D]?
M$(\3[F[K1*V+$WQ
.[+XGNQ==]WFT5D[G*]V-P?D$I)27%FQ/\0WT\!VV+;




MPD%=7R\/^K!!1MHG!^(H


M7RVER^9OG!B




A!A/!O0Q4


M013T+GZYD[GP-/4
*L?

M`.Y5Y1D^R9MKF;IKY9B)^;MIUADXC^*&_[G85.?@W\L

M!&@+C`/%5&D



\44FBF



3:L$


]VA.K1K'HW


^SL]Z+W'?XE<(23:7VGI5-7GQ<:&Q
=[[2;_':W




M
O76VK`=%/FV-L3$.B



&RJ
!):ISC]/S
B^I-`OEI:U^./A[2




LL%%!T6\!BL9E@&$;H[8$*1V
M,9I3&Z\9:'6_K)BV5C\Y_`^1R'FJ=)L!%LX8
Q*Q;CCG&#A+:V1$SZDWBT^
MIZYD

N8:_)LF+:
MNOP




MJ3HUOTKMGND]6C)_.P)



JUYZ+
MZIV%?59=TQN!N^7WY4VYNNG\MK:$(11:.*F)]&YMTYA8G#./

MTB





MG6A_V4V'OE6`(LH3!HR0@)1QEI2RQ.YY`ZU\RL$ZXB6_6E)$J#*$BU$7_8


AA
P7I:2])@GYKM

4S?.A7-B

ZV&T$1/*6U])/!!)E+6JEKUEZ')3XV24J4.8LUQ
M@UT07WEOAS*R.].T3@=2&.L1PSCL.L0JE1UL/V$A`*6&AB8TQV*(ZG:F#AG

O





MC'MA(@DXX58AJ.4;?TB]MZ!U
OCT%2

M;*8*,HM%LURHDE9G1.YP1W;*J?\G$*#Z20W+B`J#K1




SB'/!+/FZ$;1TVR/
M7(#Y/#-?7]\OOR_O?^[`N8IPF#BF_[PGD;-?7E`F.0L!I'2&017SM:&6&I(L


Z5


/%AX;J-92S%GU%AP@7N'ZMDH17]WW3\9
M[%\Z%IXAY2'\S4.+D_GY0@X_EN_=2G#Z2PI+M`:BH@]-5&$
II&M02PL\F7


MMO0!\SM
WO4&IH3Y=
M4





M)&::&W#

M&*=Q5J:58U&8W?Z^T.'J+Y.$3U7G(,09'UWMU[MAJJ/F@^_/EQX@0!9+R6






OUC65Y7
W+W?LWU@ZVB
*#0_W&)2[+-

ME_)@\=\#K2(+X($C*IU/:J`FG`A7RZBYS8VYFJ$N
QBE^H-W#`J]BIV\6/Z[




MUO
F


]I0E*Y8?WZZ73_4



9.9B.;1`

P-C



.K\.-G/
M7

^HAJ5)3.MI]G:-3
D*&G3
7T

MEQ^(C]FS






D/L
9XG

M4R'F[_;W'Q\?7XH%IV1



72$6;%\LYFA?%MJ3I1##45'/7ZE:07`2(D;*





M)8(M.OLV5[W\CUY.K4HU94P&3YKL41`[=L7BK[V23$^&8H2#59/743]65PEZ

^]DD!//CB.@KG(


M2E:)TD1+\;'D

LDJ*-E0


\;




#;3
M'


A=34=18/6^`Z(0HNTQS]&!

M%&**)=ZN)2[^@CY6$`.0FTQSF'O[KCG)(4
+3`KJ(VP&*TJAY3HJQW-);A


M[6@]QN







MEH[=





M5DM3;)GOOP=36P?
ZA






M?_\Z-;U.9M9^X-U%
B$!B4-]3WI^J$C'G$AN:6Q2#$W_`E!I9W`_6KNZIXA
MSW75E#7E:Y

UCQ_:+!F`;GP\#:9

$&W2G%:OVLW+F]+?ONI
M;4'L9C]YRT`V#53;H&Q\
(TFP-3^_U)/'?S`%T+O.6(/2M579)X*^9J22/97
YOQ65MMXT<G*K$+Z-HB


MLV!U0*RJY^)])!-!+!;!3K=O`Y[E2M=1\%WP!;MEJ:S%+?:I/G#Z3VT$4_;C

MLX7!=:A_-Z2W-``SNU3OX%





MK.)BGH
/OUW5DK*J765


M2U^V.$3JB/F
ID3HE-0L%EU5C@FJ7.SV7&;7@P6_P=7FO8(
SK`$2I[DV%0_

]H$0=#
6^3G$T+;:%\J^(J1E/Q&:8
M*/




M4AGC!)1^\+WN0SZI\KB[PNUBPY^D)5-GT*O99N*8NR)#2?E6H9JW'D+]6P
M

`5RF
FO6^4KZ8[M'3][\YEY;FUZ'

M]7FVWU
\5ZH+


H5!1Z*#74-\S



BBG0Y


M=)MO!?8H63W*/T'11R@*)$56J^;6B5GASG6-C7J\[AN7U_5:@?H&4SXN/KXQ

M7T

MGL_
1)+X[RE




M0F?52R9M6L1$@J:^U@FQ@+%`[$Q))FZ@ZI

M$TB6S7OYZ08RGDAU$[WPJCY3Y4L-+W=@%ZJC[3+^\L=5?/+1)(?5(NF=(9

X!GZO7YY9DP;25^!F*=[/P4H;$^E8]]N\1CJNR,JM^
MC'_/9?.6VC2+;'+H2IJ;ZX\V;P8XQ0K#R`'C8](R/_Y:&SBNR4A?*4V4#:
MPOD4?D.TGMHTO-M`(:SXYB.2O$YI$E_-YHP^F$








NYS%OQ


MKM1]/$Q-9%Z1^C:-U4@\YX)/#PU([RR3+7WIEV+P4MHM5=9OGNOYF
\R+OX#



M#&N-[:^2)N)!%J[;\]4S=$


MG\#A/=H?$FOY+#.%QGPY^CO(!!6\^:R4/\I

7S)0B3TK0V\F*C#.SBC9$AS(^TP'%`MO+O

MTD`'^AD:_#(2;OWF1_:$0'!5N+_H-/:7_6AJCMN@BJ]1VQ0U[N
AR!&4'`%6




M3&$H[5:Q5=R+^E%+7[&(EIZ\Y(


/

!_:E0XXD'M+/OJUPIX+`NT9C7^I[`
KTJK+.Q#50%
M;`7:/@9JI7
VR
YP



4TV\?

:YID:FUJAV'#_\Y53;+0#

MW=^J##:B$NE

M7%I+W4C*WE

N=KCM]S=C-D
MB91;00%/LYMNE.\ZX%`S*.
KL.






MAE'O9`L#_W9


L\N


L#<Y6ILL(YIH\:U:(<K`00_#%W='







M
#$S

4````
`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$'@
4````
M`T0')#93TS7L][`0#4:!0`%``8```````!````I(&[304`='-N+3(P
3
P

3
P

 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsTaxDeductionsInExcessOfCompensationCostOfOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_InventoryProcessedProductsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ChickenAndPreparedFoodsWeightedAverageCostInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_BeefAndPorkFifoInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_LivestockFifoInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_SuppliesAndOtherWeightedAverageCostInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationCalculationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInEarnings1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetGainLossIncludedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ScheduleOfCommonStockRepurchasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_Definedbenefitplanswithaccumulatedbenefitobligationsinexcessofplanassetsnumberofplans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanPostretirementMedicalObligationConsistingOfFixedAnnualPaymentsAndAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanPostRetirementMedicalObligationDeterminedByHealthcareCostTrend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ExpectedRateOfReturnOnAssetsAssumptionYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ExpectedRateOfReturnOnAssetsAssumptionYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedDividendsPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_RestrictedStockAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ForeignRateDifferencesAndValuationAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetChangeInIntercompanyBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetChangeInIntercompanyBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetChangeInIntercompanyBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetChangeInIntercompanyBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialStatementsCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_NetChangeInIntercompanyBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsAvailableforsaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGainLossAccumulatedinInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGainLossAccumulatedinInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGainLossAccumulatedinInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGainLossAccumulatedinInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_ShortTermInvestmentMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesDebtMaturityPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_LeaseMaximumInitialTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CashFlowAssistanceProgramPotentialMaximumObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CashFlowAssistanceProgramReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_CashFlowAssistanceProgramEstimatedAllowanceForUncollectibleReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_GuarantorObligationsMaximumExposurePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_GuarantorObligationsMaximumExposureRemainingLeasePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tsn_GuaranteeObligationsRecourseProvisionsValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedContractualRightsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'

