

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100493-17-000133
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20171113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171113
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TYSON FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				710225165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0929
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14704
		FILM NUMBER:		171193140
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2200 DON TYSON PARKWAY
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72762-6999
		BUSINESS PHONE:		479-290-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2020
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 2020
		CITY:			SPRINGDALE
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			72765-2020












		


Washington
September&#160;30
TYSON FOODS
2200 West Don Tyson Parkway
 Springdale
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Class A Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer&#8217;s classes of common stock
September&#160;30
Class&#160;A Common Stock
297
596
Class B Common Stock
70
010
April&#160;1
 2017
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s Class&#160;A Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class A stock)
 and Class B Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class B stock)
$17
568
317
$663
691
 respectively. Class B stock is not publicly listed for trade on any exchange or market system. However
 Class B stock is convertible into Class&#160;A stock on a share-for-share basis
October&#160;28
 2017
297
708
70
010
February&#160;8
 2018
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Exhibits
Tyson Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Tyson Foods&#8221; or &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)  (NYSE: TSN) is one of the world&#8217;s largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174;. Tyson Foods innovates continually to make protein more sustainable
 tailor food for everywhere it&#8217;s available and raise the world&#8217;s expectations for how much good food can do. Headquartered in Springdale
 Arkansas
122
&#32;team members on September 30
 2017. Through its Core Values
 Tyson Foods strives to operate with integrity
 create value for its shareholders
 customers
 communities and team members and serve as a steward of the animals
 land and environment entrusted to it. Some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs
We operate a fully vertically-integrated chicken production process. Our integrated operations consist of breeding stock
 contract growers
 feed production
 processing
 further-processing
 marketing and transportation of chicken and related allied products
 including animal and pet food ingredients. Through our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Cobb-Vantress
 Inc.
We also process live fed cattle and hogs and fabricate dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts
 case ready beef and pork and fully-cooked meats. In addition
We produce a wide range of fresh
 value-added
 frozen and refrigerated food products. Our products are marketed and sold primarily by our sales staff to grocery retailers
 grocery wholesalers
 meat distributors
 warehouse club stores
 military commissaries
 industrial food processing companies
 chain restaurants or their distributors
 live markets
 international export companies and domestic distributors who serve restaurants
 foodservice operations such as plant and school cafeterias
 convenience stores
 hospitals and other vendors. Additionally
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired and consolidated AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. (AdvancePierre)
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components and other entr&#233;es and snacks. AdvancePierre's results of operations are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments. For further description of this transaction
 refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
As part of our commitment to innovation and growth
 in fiscal 2017 we launched a venture capital fund focused on investing in companies developing breakthrough technologies
 business models and products to sustainably feed a growing world population. The Tyson New Ventures LLC
 fund is used to broaden our exposure to innovative
 new forms of protein and ways of sustainably producing food to complement the Company's continuing investments in innovation in our core Beef
 Pork
We operate in four reportable segments: Beef
 Pork
 Chicken and Prepared Foods. Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
 third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
 LLC. The contribution of each segment to net sales and operating income (loss)
 and the identifiable assets attributable to each segment
 are set forth in Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
&#32;Beef includes our operations related to processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
Pork includes our operations related to processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes our live swine group
&#32;Chicken includes our domestic operations related to raising and processing live chickens into
 and purchasing raw materials for
 fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products
 as well as sales from allied products. Our value-added chicken products primarily include breaded chicken strips
 nuggets
 patties and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Prepared Foods includes our operations related to manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. This segment includes brands such as Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 State Fair&#174;
 Van's&#174;
 Sara Lee&#174; and Chef Pierre&#174;
 as well as artisanal brands Aidells&#174;
 Gallo Salame&#174;
 and Golden Island&#174;. Products primarily include ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks
 pepperoni
 bacon
 breakfast sausage
 turkey
 lunchmeat
 hot dogs
 pizza crusts and toppings
 flour and corn tortilla products
 desserts
 appetizers
 snacks
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes
 breadsticks and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our beef operations are live cattle. We do not have facilities of our own to raise cattle but employ cattle buyers located throughout cattle producing areas who visit independent feed yards and public auctions and buy live cattle on the open spot market. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals
 and we continually measure their performance. We also enter into various risk-sharing and procurement arrangements with producers to secure a supply of livestock for our facilities. Although we generally expect adequate supply of live cattle in the regions we operate
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our pork operations are live hogs. The majority of our live hog supply is obtained through various procurement relationships with independent producers. We employ hog buyers who make purchase agreements of various time durations as well as purchase hogs on a daily basis
 generally a few days before the animals are processed. These buyers are trained to select high quality animals
 and we continually measure their performance. We believe the supply of live hogs is adequate for our present needs. Additionally
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our domestic chicken operations are corn and soybean meal used as feed and live chickens raised primarily by independent contract growers. Our vertically-integrated chicken process begins with the grandparent breeder flocks and ends with broilers for processing. Breeder flocks (i.e.
 grandparents) are raised to maturity in grandparent growing and laying farms where fertile eggs are produced. Fertile eggs are incubated at the grandparent hatchery and produce pullets (i.e.
 parents). Pullets are sent to breeder houses
 and the resulting eggs are sent to our hatcheries. Once chicks have hatched
 they are sent to broiler farms. There
 contract growers care for and raise the chicks according to our standards
 with advice from our technical service personnel
 until the broilers reach the desired processing weight. Adult chickens are transported to processing plants where they are harvested and converted into finished products
 which are then sent to distribution centers and delivered to customers.
 corn
 soybean meal and other feed ingredients were major production costs
&#32;of our cost of growing a live chicken domestically. In addition to feed ingredients to grow the chickens
 we use cooking ingredients
 packaging materials and cryogenic agents. We believe our sources of supply for these materials are adequate for our present needs
 and we do not anticipate any difficulty in acquiring these materials in the future. While we produce nearly all our inventory of breeder chickens and live broilers
 we also purchase ice-packed or deboned chicken
 including no antibiotics ever (sometimes referred to as NAE) certified chicken
&#32;The primary raw materials used in our prepared foods operations are commodity based raw materials
 including beef
 pork
 chicken
 turkey
 corn
 flour
 vegetables
 bread
 breading
 cheese
 eggs
 seasonings
 and other cooking ingredients. Some of these raw materials are provided by our other segments
Demand for beef
 chicken and certain prepared foods products
 such as hot dogs and smoked sausage
 generally increases during the spring and summer months and generally decreases during the winter months. Pork and certain other prepared foods products
 such as prepared meals
 meat dishes
 appetizers
 frozen pies and breakfast sausage
 generally experience increased demand during the winter months
 primarily due to the holiday season
Wal-Mart Stores
&#32;consolidated sales. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in all of our segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
Our food products compete with those of other food producers and processors and certain prepared food manufacturers. Additionally
We seek to achieve a leading market position for our products via our principal marketing and competitive strategy
concentrating production
Past efforts indicate customer demand can be increased and sustained through application of our marketing strategy
 as supported by our distribution systems. The principal competitive elements are price
 product safety and quality
 brand identification
 innovation
 breadth and depth of product offerings
 availability of products
. Major sales markets include Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
Cobb-Vantress
 a chicken breeding stock subsidiary
 has business interests in Argentina
 Brazil
 China
 the Dominican Republic
 India
 Japan
 the Netherlands
 New Zealand
 the Philippines
 Spain
 Turkey
Tyson Rizhao
 located in Rizhao
 China
Tyson Dalong
 a joint venture in China in which we have a majority interest
Tyson Nantong
 located in Nantong
 China
Godrej Tyson Foods
 a joint venture in India in which we have a majority interest
Tyson Mexico Trading Company
 a Mexican subsidiary
We continue to evaluate growth opportunities in foreign countries. Additional information regarding export sales and long-lived assets located in foreign countries is set forth in Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
We conduct continuous research and development activities to improve product development
 to automate manual processes in our processing plants and growout operations
 and to improve chicken breeding stock. With regards to our food products we have two research and development locations
 our Discovery Center in Springdale
 Arkansas
 and another center located in Downers Grove
 Illinois. The centers include more than 80
000 square feet of United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) pilot plant space
 two consumer sensory and focus group areas
 a packaging lab and 25 research kitchens. The centers enable us to bring new market-leading retail and foodservice products to the customer quickly and efficiently. Research and development costs totaled 
 
 and 
 
Our facilities for processing beef
 pork
 chicken
 turkey and prepared foods
 milling feed and housing live chickens and swine are subject to a variety of international
 federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations
 which include provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment and generally provide for protection of the environment. We believe we are in substantial compliance with such applicable laws and regulations and are not aware of any violations of such laws and regulations likely to result in material penalties or material increases in compliance costs. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations has not had a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures
 earnings or competitive position
 and except as described below
Congress
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency and some states continue to consider various options to control greenhouse gas emissions. It is unclear at this time what options
 if any
 will be finalized
 and whether such options would have a direct impact on the Company. Due to continuing uncertainty surrounding this issue
We work to ensure our products meet high standards of food safety and quality. In addition to our own internal Food Safety and Quality Assurance oversight and review
 our beef
 pork
 chicken
 and prepared foods products are subject to inspection prior to distribution
 primarily by the USDA and the United States Food and Drug Administration. We are also participants in the United States Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point program and are subject to the Sanitation Standard Operating Procedures and the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002. Additionally
September&#160;30
 2017
122
117
&#32;employees were employed in the United States
5
&#32;employees were employed in foreign countries
31
&#32;employees in the United States were subject to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions
4
Our principal marketing objective is to be the preferred provider of beef
 pork
 chicken
 and prepared foods products for our customers and consumers. We build the Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174; brands while supporting strong regional and emerging brands primarily through well-defined
 product-specific advertising
 marketing
We have the ability to produce and ship fresh
 frozen and refrigerated products worldwide. Domestically
 our distribution system extends to a broad network of food distributors and is supported by our owned or leased cold storage warehouses
 public cold storage facilities and our transportation system. Our distribution centers accumulate fresh and frozen products so we can fill and consolidate partial-truckload orders into full truckloads
 thereby decreasing shipping costs while increasing customer service. In addition
 we provide our customers a wide selection of products that do not require large volume orders. Our distribution system enables us to supply large or small quantities of products to meet customer requirements anywhere in the continental United States. Internationally
 we utilize both rail and truck refrigerated transportation to domestic ports
We have filed a number of patents relating to our processes and products that either have been approved or are in the process of review. Because we do a significant amount of brand name and product line advertising to promote our products
 we consider the protection of our trademarks to be important to our marketing efforts and have registered and applied for the registration of a number of trademarks. We also have developed non-public proprietary information regarding our production processes and other product-related matters. We utilize internal procedures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality of such information and
 where appropriate
Our agreements with customers are generally short-term
 primarily due to the nature of our products
 industry practices and fluctuations in supply
 demand and price for such products. In certain instances where we are selling further processed products to large customers
 we may enter into written agreements whereby we will act as the exclusive or preferred supplier to the customer
We maintain an internet website for investors at http://ir.tyson.com. On this website
 we make available
 free of charge
 annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) reports
 and all amendments to any of those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with
 or furnish such reports to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also available on the website for investors are the Corporate Governance Principles
 Audit Committee charter
 Compensation and Leadership Development Committee charter
 Governance and Nominating Committee charter
 Strategy and Acquisitions Committee charter
 Code of Conduct and Whistleblower Policy. Our corporate governance documents are available in print
Certain information in this report constitutes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 current views and estimates of our outlook for fiscal 2018
 other future economic circumstances
 industry conditions in domestic and international markets
 our performance and financial results (e.g.
 debt levels
 return on invested capital
 value-added product growth
 capital expenditures
 tax rates
 access to foreign markets and dividend policy). These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
Among the factors that may cause actual results and experiences to differ from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are the following: (i) fluctuations in the cost and availability of inputs and raw materials
 such as live cattle
 live swine
 feed grains (including corn and soybean meal) and energy;  (ii) market conditions for finished products
 including competition from other global and domestic food processors
 supply and pricing of competing products and alternative proteins and demand for alternative proteins; (iii) outbreak of a livestock disease (such as avian influenza (AI) or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE))
 which could have an adverse effect on livestock we own
 the availability of livestock we purchase
 consumer perception of certain protein products or our ability to access certain domestic and foreign markets; (iv) the integration of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc.; (v) the effectiveness of our financial fitness program; (vi) the implementation of an enterprise resource planning system; (vii) access to foreign markets together with foreign economic conditions
 including currency fluctuations
 import/export restrictions and foreign politics; (viii) changes in availability and relative costs of labor and contract growers and our ability to maintain good relationships with employees
 labor unions
 contract growers and independent producers providing us livestock; (ix) issues related to food safety
 including costs resulting from product recalls
 regulatory compliance and any related claims or litigation; (x) changes in consumer preference and diets and our ability to identify and react to consumer trends; (xi) effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs; (xii) our ability to leverage brand value propositions; (xiii) risks associated with leverage
 including cost increases due to rising interest rates or changes in debt ratings or outlook; (xiv) impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets; (xv) compliance with and changes to regulations and laws (both domestic and foreign)
 including changes in accounting standards
 tax laws
 environmental laws
 agricultural laws and occupational
 health and safety laws; (xvi) adverse results from litigation; (xvii) cyber incidents
 security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems; (xviii) our ability to make effective acquisitions or joint ventures and successfully integrate newly acquired businesses into existing operations; (xix) risks associated with our commodity purchasing activities; (xx) the effect of
 or changes in
 general economic conditions; (xxi) significant marketing plan changes by large customers or loss of one or more large customers; (xxii) impacts on our operations caused by factors and forces beyond our control
 such as natural disasters
 fire
 bioterrorism
 pandemics or extreme weather; (xxiii) failure to maximize or assert our intellectual property rights; (xxiv) our participation in a multiemployer pension plan; (xxv) the Tyson Limited Partnership&#8217;s ability to exercise significant control over the Company; (xxvi) effects related to changes in tax rates
 valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities
These risks
 which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this report
 could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Fluctuations in commodity prices and in the availability of raw materials
 especially feed grains
 live cattle
Our results of operations and financial condition
 as well as the selling prices for our products
 are dependent upon the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials such as beef
 pork
 poultry
 corn
 soybean
 packaging materials and energy and
 to a lesser extent
 cheese
 fruit
 seasoning blends
 flour
 corn syrup
 corn oils
 butter and sugar. Corn
 soybean meal and other feed ingredients
 for instance
. Production and pricing of these commodities are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. Such factors include
 among other things
 weather patterns throughout the world
 outbreaks of disease
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for grains and other feed ingredients
Volatility in our commodity and raw material costs directly impact our gross margin and profitability. The Company&#8217;s objective is to offset commodity price increases with pricing actions over time. However
 we may not be able to increase our product prices enough to sufficiently offset increased raw material costs due to consumer price sensitivity or the pricing postures of our competitors. In addition
 if we increase prices to offset higher costs
 we could experience lower demand for our products and sales volumes. Conversely
 decreases in our commodity and other input costs may create pressure on us to decrease our prices. While we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity
Over time
 if we are unable to price our products to cover increased costs
 to offset operating cost increases with continuous improvement savings or are not successful in our commodity hedging program
 then commodity and raw material price volatility or increases could materially and adversely affect our profitability
The food industry in general is intensely competitive. We face competition from other food producers and processors that have various product ranges and geographic reach. Some of the factors on which we compete include: pricing
 product safety and quality
 brand identification
 innovation
 breadth and depth of product offerings
 availability of our products (including distribution channels used
 such as e-commerce) and competing products
 customer service
From time to time in response to these competitive pressures or to maintain market share
 we may need to reduce the prices for some of our products or increase or reallocate spending on marketing
 advertising and promotions and new product innovation. Such pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to raw material and other cost increases. Any reduction in prices as a result of competitive pressures
 or any failure to increase prices to offset cost increases
 could harm our profit margins. If we reduce prices but we cannot increase sales volumes to offset the price changes
 then our financial condition and results of operations will suffer. Alternatively
 if we do not reduce our prices and our competitors seek advantage through pricing or promotional changes
Supply of and demand for our products can be adversely impacted by outbreaks of livestock diseases
 which can have a significant impact on our financial results. Efforts are taken to control disease risks by adherence to good production practices and extensive precautionary measures designed to ensure the health of livestock. However
 outbreaks of disease and other events
 which may be beyond our control
 either in our own livestock or livestock owned by independent producers who sell livestock to us
 could significantly affect demand for our products
 consumer perceptions of certain protein products
 the availability of livestock for purchase by us and our ability to conduct our operations. Moreover
 the outbreak of livestock diseases
 particularly in our Chicken segment
 could have a significant effect on the livestock we own by requiring us to
 among other things
 destroy any affected livestock. Furthermore
 an outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of our products to or from our suppliers
The integration of AdvancePierre may be more difficult
 costly or time consuming than expected
 and the acquisition may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits
The success of the acquisition of AdvancePierre
 including the realization of the anticipated benefits
 will depend in part on our ability to successfully integrate AdvancePierre&#8217;s businesses in an efficient and effective manner. We may not be able to accomplish this integration process smoothly or successfully. The necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations
 systems and facilities and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds
 corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. Failure to effectively integrate the businesses could adversely impact the expected benefits of the acquisition
 including cost synergies arising from supply chain efficiencies
The integration of two large companies is complex
 and we will be required to devote significant management attention and incur substantial costs to integrate AdvancePierre's and Tyson&#8217;s business practices
 policies
 cultures and operations. This diversion of our management&#8217;s attention from day-to-day business operations and the execution and pursuit of strategic plans and initiatives could result in performance shortfalls
 which could adversely impact the combined company&#8217;s business
 operations and financial results. The integration process could also result in the loss of key employees
Furthermore
 during the integration planning process
 we may encounter additional challenges and difficulties
 including those related to
 without limitation
 managing a larger combined company; streamlining supply chains
 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating overlapping operations; retaining our existing vendors and customers; unanticipated issues in integrating information technology
 communications and other systems; and unforeseen and unexpected liabilities related to the acquisition of AdvancePierre. Delays encountered in the integration could adversely impact the business
We continue to evaluate our estimates of synergies to be realized from the AdvancePierre acquisition and refine them. Our actual cost savings could differ materially from our current estimates. Actual cost savings
 the costs required to realize the cost savings and the source of the cost savings could differ materially from our estimates
 and we cannot assure you that we will achieve the full amount of cost savings on the schedule anticipated or at all or that these cost savings programs will not have other adverse effects on our business. In light of these uncertainties
Finally
 we may not be able to achieve the targeted operating or long-term strategic benefits of the AdvancePierre acquisition in a timely manner or at all or could incur higher transition costs than anticipated. An inability to realize the full extent of
 or any of
 the anticipated benefits of the AdvancePierre acquisition
 as well as any delays encountered in the integration process
 could have an adverse effect on our business
We may not realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of our financial fitness program
 which may prove to be more difficult
 costly
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the &#8220;Financial Fitness Program&#8221;)
 which is expected to contribute to the Company&#8217;s overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. For more information regarding this program
 refer to the heading &#8220;Overview&#8221; set forth in Part II
The success of the Financial Fitness Program
 including the realization of the anticipated benefits
 will depend in part on our ability to successfully implement the program in an efficient and effective manner. The implementation of the Financial Fitness Program may be more difficult
 costly
 or time consuming than expected
 and the Financial Fitness Program may not result in any or all of the anticipated benefits. If we are unable to implement the Financial Fitness Program smoothly or successfully
 or we otherwise do not capture the anticipated savings
 our business
In addition
 we may incur higher costs associated with reductions in overhead than anticipated
 and the reduction in overhead could result in performance shortfalls. The Financial Fitness Program may become a distraction for our organization and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures of the affected business operations; and result in negative publicity which could affect our corporate reputation. If we are unable to successfully manage the negative consequences of the Financial Fitness Program
 our business
We are engaged in a multi-year implementation of an enterprise resource planning (&#8220;ERP&#8221;) system. Such an implementation is a major undertaking from a financial
 management
 and personnel perspective. The implementation of the ERP system may prove to be more difficult
 costly
 or time consuming than expected
 and there can be no assurance that this system will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated. Any disruptions
 delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders
 ship products
 send invoices and track payments
 fulfill contractual obligations
 produce financial reports
 or otherwise operate our business. As we implement our new ERP system
 our exposure to system attacks may be elevated because we will be running old and new processes in parallel and must simultaneously protect both the new system and legacy systems. If we are unable to implement the ERP system smoothly or successfully
 or we otherwise do not capture anticipated benefits
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition for future periods could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 our implementation of the ERP system may involve greater utilization of third-party &#8220;cloud&#8221; computing services in connection with our business operations. Problems faced by us or our third-party &#8220;cloud&#8221; computing providers
 including technological or business-related disruptions
 as well as cybersecurity threats
 could adversely impact our business
We are subject to risks associated with our international activities
 which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries
 as well as our operations and assets in such countries.
&#32;countries. Major sales markets include Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
&#32;totaled $4.5 billion
&#32;related to export sales from the United States. In addition
&#32;of long-lived assets located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 European Union and India
As a result
 we are subject to various risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries regarding the importation of beef
 pork
 poultry
 and prepared foods products
closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of beef
 pork
impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and foreign currencies
 particularly the Brazilian real
 the British pound sterling
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renminbi
 the European euro
difficulties and costs to comply with
 and enforcement of remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including
 without limitation
distribution costs
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
122
&#32;employees
35
&#32;of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability and relative costs of labor and maintaining good relations with employees and the labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the labor unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages
If we are unable to attract
 hire or retain key employees or a highly skilled and diverse global workforce
 it could have a negative impact on our business
Our continued growth requires us to attract
 hire
 retain and develop key employees
 including our executive officers and senior management team
 and maintain a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to attract and hire highly skilled employees and our own employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies. Competition could cause us to lose talented employees
We contract primarily with independent contract growers to raise the live chickens and turkeys processed in our poultry operations. A majority of our cattle and hogs are purchased from independent producers who sell livestock to us under marketing contracts or on the open market. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with growers or maintain marketing and purchasing relationships with independent producers
If our products become contaminated
 we may be subject to product liability claims and product recalls
Our products may be subject to contamination by disease-producing organisms or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and E. coli. These organisms and pathogens are found generally in the environment and there is a risk that one or more
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our products. These organisms and pathogens also can be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further-processing
 foodservice or consumer level. These risks may be controlled
 but may not be eliminated
 by adherence to good manufacturing practices and finished product testing. We have little
 if any
 control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. Even an inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims
 increased scrutiny and penalties
 including injunctive relief and plant closings
 by federal and state regulatory agencies
 and adverse publicity
 which could exacerbate the associated negative consumer reaction. Any of these occurrences may have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition
 we may be required to recall some of our products if they spoil
 become contaminated
 are tampered with or are mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall
 the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. Such a product recall also could result in adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
 and a loss of consumer confidence in our products
The food industry in general is subject to changing consumer trends
 demands and preferences. Trends within the food industry change often
 and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to
 among other things
 reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. We strive to respond to consumer preferences and social expectations
We could be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients
 or the food safety system generally. Prolonged negative perceptions concerning the health implications of certain food products or ingredients or loss of confidence in the food safety system generally could influence consumer preferences and acceptance of some of our products and marketing programs. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our product sales
We have a number of iconic brands with significant value. Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is based in large part on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether or not valid)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
Our financial success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences
 purchasing behaviors and dietary habits and successfully developing and launching new products and product extensions that consumers want in the channels where they shop. We devote significant resources to new product development and product extensions
 however we may not be successful in developing innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. To the extent we are not able to effectively gauge the direction of our key markets and successfully identify
 develop
 manufacture and market new or improved products in these changing markets
 such as adapting to emerging e-commerce channels
 our financial results and our competitive position will suffer. In addition
 our introduction of new products or product extensions may generate litigation or other legal proceedings against us by competitors claiming infringement of their intellectual property or other rights
We also seek to maintain and extend the image of our brands through marketing investments
 including advertising
 consumer promotions and trade spend. Due to inherent risks in the marketplace associated with advertising
 promotions and new product introductions
 including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance
 our marketing investments may not prove successful in maintaining or increasing our market share and could result in lower sales and profits. Continuing global focus on health and wellness
 including weight management
Our success in maintaining
 extending and expanding our brand image also depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment
 including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how and to whom we market our products
 for instance marketing to children
 which may limit our ability to maintain or extend our brand image. If we do not maintain or extend our brand image
 then our product sales
Failure to leverage our brand value propositions to compete against private label products
 especially during economic downturn
In many product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products
 but also with private label products that generally are sold at lower prices. Consumers are more likely to purchase our products if they believe that our products provide a higher quality and greater value than less expensive alternatives. If the difference in quality between our brands and private label products narrows
 or if there is a perception of such a narrowing
 consumers may choose not to buy our products at prices that are profitable for us. In addition
 in periods of economic uncertainty
 consumers tend to purchase more lower-priced private label or other economy brands. To the extent this occurs
 we could experience a reduction in the sales volume of our higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In addition
 in times of economic uncertainty
 consumers reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at our foodservice customers
Our indebtedness
 including borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program
 may increase from time to time for various reasons
 including fluctuations in operating results
 working capital needs
 capital expenditures and possible acquisitions
Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In assessing the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
 we make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates
 EBITDA multiples
 and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management&#8217;s judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated principally using an income approach. The income approach is based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Indefinite life intangible asset valuations have been calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and excess earnings approaches and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make various judgmental assumptions about appropriate discount rates. Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions
 could
 among other things
 cause us to increase the discount rate used in the valuations. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
 divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in impairment charges in the future
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
Our operations are subject to extensive federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations by authorities that oversee food safety standards and processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and export of our products. See &#8220;Environmental Regulation and Food Safety&#8221; in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. For example
Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us. We use natural gas
 diesel fuel and electricity in the manufacturing and distribution of our products. Legislation or regulation affecting these inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition
Legal claims
 class action lawsuits
 other regulatory enforcement actions
 or failure to comply with applicable legal standards or requirements could affect our product sales
We operate in a highly-regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject to heightened risk of legal claims or other regulatory enforcement actions. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 contractors
 or agents will not violate our policies and procedures. Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 including those contained in Item 3
 Legal Proceedings and Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 20: Commitments and Contingencies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 could subject us to civil and criminal penalties
 including debarment from governmental contracts that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition and results of operations. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand
 introducing new products
The Company is subject to stringent environmental regulation and potentially subject to environmental litigation
 proceedings
Our past and present business operations and ownership and operation of real property are subject to stringent federal
 state
 and local environmental laws and regulations pertaining to the discharge of materials into the environment
 and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or otherwise relating to protection of the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations
 and the ability to comply with any modifications to these laws and regulations
 is material to our business. New matters or sites may be identified in the future that will require additional investigation
 assessment
 or expenditures. In addition
 some of our facilities have been in operation for many years and
 over time
 we and other prior operators of these facilities may have generated and disposed of wastes that now may be considered hazardous. Future discovery of contamination of property underlying or in the vicinity of our present or former properties or manufacturing facilities and/or waste disposal sites could require us to incur additional expenses. The occurrence of any of these events
 the implementation of new laws and regulations
 or stricter interpretation of existing laws or regulations
We are increasingly dependent on information technology
 and our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information technology systems against
 or effectively respond to
 cyber-attacks
Information technology is an important part of our business operations and we increasingly rely on information technology systems to manage business data and increase efficiencies in our production and distribution facilities and inventory management processes. We also use information technology to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory
 legal and tax requirements. In addition
 we depend on information technology for digital marketing and electronic communications between our facilities
 personnel
 customers and suppliers. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of disruptions
 including but not limited to the process of upgrading or replacing software
 databases or components thereof
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
 cyber-attacks
 hackers
 unauthorized access attempts and other security issues. Attempted cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently
 are constantly evolving in nature
We have implemented and continue to evaluate security initiatives and disaster recovery plans to mitigate our exposure to these risks
 but these measures may not be adequate. Any significant failure of our systems
 including failures that prevent our systems from functioning as intended or our failure to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents
 could cause transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 loss of customers and sales
 have negative consequences on our employees and our business partners
 have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation and expose us to liability
 litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. In addition
 if we are unable to prevent security breaches
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our business partners
 customers
 consumers or suppliers. Finally
 the disclosure of non-public information through external media channels could lead to the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation and brand image. Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions
 including health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions
 and systems managed
 hosted
If we pursue strategic acquisitions or divestitures
We periodically evaluate potential acquisitions
 joint ventures and other initiatives
 and may seek to expand our business through the acquisition of companies
 processing plants
 technologies
 products and services. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve financial and operational risks and uncertainties
difficulty integrating acquired businesses
 technologies
inability to implement and maintain consistent standards
 controls
We may not be able to address these risks and successfully develop these acquired companies or businesses into profitable units. If we are unable to do this
Additionally
 from time to time
 we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives or do not meet our growth or profitability targets. We may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Gains or losses on the sales of
 or lost operating income from
 those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. Moreover
 we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability. Our divestiture activities may present financial
 managerial and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses
 difficulties separating personnel and financial and other systems
 possible need for providing transition services to buyers
 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. Any of these factors could adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations. On April 24
 2017
 we announced our intent to sell three non-protein businesses
 Sara Lee&#174; Frozen Bakery
 Kettle and Van&#8217;s&#174;
 which are all a part of our Prepared Foods segment
Our business is exposed to fluctuating market conditions. We use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to various market risks including changes in commodity prices
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We hold certain positions
 primarily in grain and livestock futures
 that do not qualify as hedges for financial reporting purposes. These positions are marked to fair value
 and the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Therefore
 losses on these contracts will adversely affect our reported operating results. While these contracts reduce our exposure to changes in prices for commodity products
Our business may be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 access to capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products
 or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials
 cooking ingredients and packaging materials
Disruptions in global credit and other financial markets and deterioration of economic conditions could
cause our lenders to depart from prior credit industry practice and make more difficult or expensive the granting of any amendment of
 or waivers under
impair the financial condition of some of our customers and suppliers
negatively impact global demand for protein products
 which could result in a reduction of sales
decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities
 including our marketable debt securities
Our business could suffer significant setbacks in sales and operating income if our customers&#8217; plans and/or markets change significantly or if we lost one or more of our largest customers
 including
 for example
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
. Our retail customers typically do not enter into written contracts
 and if they do sign contracts
 they generally are limited in scope and duration. There can be no assurance that significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. Alternative retail channels
 such as convenience stores
 dollar stores
 drug stores
have increased their market share. This trend towards alternative channels is expected to continue in the future. If we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels
 our business or financial results may be adversely impacted. Many of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated in recent years
 and consolidation is expected to continue throughout the United States and in other major markets. These consolidations have produced large
 sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced inventories
 opposing price increases
 and demanding lower pricing
 increased promotional programs and specifically tailored products. These customers also may use shelf space currently used for our products for their own private label products. Because of these trends
 our volume growth could slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to
 or adverse change to trade terms with
 a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales
Our ability to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Natural disasters
 fire
 bioterrorism
 pandemic or extreme weather
 including droughts
 floods
 excessive cold or heat
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of livestock or interfere with our operations due to power outages
 fuel shortages
 decrease in availability of water
 damage to our production and processing facilities or disruption of transportation channels or unfavorably impact the demand for
 or our consumers&#8217; ability to purchase our products
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly and most notably our trademarks
 but also our trade secrets
 patents and copyrights
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark
 trade secret
 patent and copyright laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. We cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own or
 where appropriate
We cannot be sure that these rights
 if obtained
 will not be invalidated
 circumvented or challenged in the future. In addition
 even if such rights are obtained in the United States
 the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have an adverse effect on our business
Through our wholly owned subsidiary
 Hillshire Brands
 we participate in a &#8220;multiemployer&#8221; pension plan administered by a labor union representing some of its employees. We are required to make periodic contributions to this plan to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. Our required contributions to this fund could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to this fund
 inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability
 lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. In the event that we withdraw from participation in this plan
 then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan
 and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. Our withdrawal liability would depend on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. The multiemployer plan in which we participate is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. Such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability. In the event a withdrawal or partial withdrawal was to occur with respect to the multiemployer plan
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;of the outstanding shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class B stock) and the TLP and members of the Tyson family own
 in the aggregate
&#32;of the outstanding shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock
 $0.10 par value (Class A stock)
 giving them
 collectively
&#32;of the total voting power of the Company's outstanding voting stock. At this time
 the TLP does not have a managing general partner
 as such
September&#160;30
 2017
 Mr.&#160;John Tyson
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
 has   33.33% of the general partner percentage interests
 and Ms.&#160;Barbara Tyson
 a director of the Company
 has 11.115% general partner percentage interests (the remaining general partnership interests are held by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (44.44%)&#160;and Harry C. Erwin
 III (11.115%)). As a result of these holdings
 positions and directorships
 the partners in the TLP have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our stockholders
 including amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws
 the election and removal of directors
 any proposed merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise favored by our other stockholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally
 as a result of the TLP's significant ownership of our outstanding voting stock
We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. Our total income tax expense could be affected by changes in tax rates in various jurisdictions
 changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations.&#160;If a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken
 we could face additional tax liability
 including interest and penalties
We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the United States. The difference between plan obligations and assets
 which signifies the funded status of the plans
September&#160;30
 2017
 the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans was an underfunded position of $
. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets can impact the funded status of the plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and our future funding requirements. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors
We have production and distribution operations in the following states: Alabama
 Arizona
 Arkansas
 California
 Delaware
 Florida
 Georgia
 Illinois
 Indiana
 Iowa
 Kansas
 Kentucky
 Maine
 Maryland
 Michigan
 Mississippi
 Missouri
 Nebraska
 New Jersey
 North Carolina
 Oklahoma
 Ohio
 Pennsylvania
 South Carolina
 Tennessee
 Texas
 Virginia
 Washington and Wisconsin. We also have sales offices throughout the United States. Additionally
 we have sales offices
 facilities or participate in joint venture operations in Argentina
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 the Dominican Republic
 Hong Kong
 India
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Netherlands
 New Zealand
 the Philippines
 South Korea
 Spain
 Taiwan
 Turkey
 the United Arab Emirates
September 30
162
456
Certain facilities acquired in the AdvancePierre acquisition produce products that are reported in both the Chicken and Prepared Foods segments. For presentation purposes
 the acquired facilities are reflected in the segment that had the majority of the facility&#8217;s production. As a result
&#32;Chicken processing plants include various phases of harvesting
 dressing
 cutting
 packaging
 deboning and further-processing. We also have 29 animal nutrition operations
 nine of which are associated with the Chicken rendering plants
 19 within various Chicken processing facilities and one pet treats plant. The blending mills
&#32;Prepared Foods plants process fresh and frozen chicken
 turkey
 beef
 pork and other raw materials into ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks
 pizza toppings
 branded and processed meats
 desserts
 appetizers
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 pizza crusts
In addition
 our foreign chicken production operations in China and India include four processing plants
 two rendering plants
 three feed mills and five broiler hatcheries. The processing plants include various phases of harvesting
 dressing
 cutting
 packaging
We believe our present facilities are generally adequate and suitable for our current purposes; however
Refer to the description of certain legal proceedings pending against us under Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 20: Commitments and Contingencies
On January 27
 2017
 Haff Poultry
 Inc.
 Craig Watts
 Johnny Upchurch
 Jonathan Walters and Brad Carr
 acting on behalf of themselves and a putative class of broiler chicken farmers
 filed a class action complaint against us and certain of our poultry subsidiaries
 as well as several other vertically-integrated poultry processing companies
 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 28
 2017
 a second class action complaint making similar claims on behalf of a similarly defined putative class was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. Plaintiffs in the two cases sought to have the matters consolidated
 and
 on July 10
 2017
The plaintiffs allege
 among other things
 that the defendants colluded not to compete for broiler raising services &#8220;with the purpose and effect of fixing
 maintaining
 and/or stabilizing grower compensation below competitive levels.&#8221; The plaintiffs also allege that the defendants &#8220;agreed to share detailed data on [g]rower compensation with one another
 with the purpose and effect of artificially depressing [g]rower compensation below competitive levels.&#8221; The plaintiffs contend these alleged acts constitute violations of the Sherman Antitrust Act and Section 202 of the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921. The plaintiffs are seeking treble damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees on behalf of the putative class. We and the other defendants filed a motion to dismiss on September 8
On April 23
 2015
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a Finding and Notice of Violation (NOV) to Tyson Foods
 Inc. and our subsidiary
 Southwest Products
 LLC
 alleging violations of the California Truck and Bus Regulation. The NOV alleged that certain diesel-powered trucks operated by us in California did not comply with California&#8217;s emission requirements for in-use trucks and that we did not verify the compliance status of independent carriers hired to carry products in California. In January 2016
 the EPA proposed that we pay a civil penalty of $283
990 to resolve these allegations. In June 2017
 the EPA withdrew this proposal and referred the matter to the California Air Resources Board (CARB). We are cooperating with the CARB and
 in July 2017
On June 17
 2014
 the Missouri attorney general filed a civil lawsuit against us in the Circuit Court of Barry County
 Missouri
 concerning an incident that occurred in May 2014 in which some feed supplement was discharged from our plant in Monett
 Missouri
 to the City of Monett&#8217;s wastewater treatment plant allegedly leading to a fish kill in a local stream and odor issues around the plant. In January 2015
 a consent judgment was entered that resolved the lawsuit. The judgment required payment of $540
000
 which included amounts for penalties
 cost recovery and supplemental environmental projects. We subsequently satisfied all these requirements
 and the consent judgment was terminated in January 2017. Following a criminal investigation by the EPA into the incident
 one of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries
 Tyson Poultry
 Inc.
 pled guilty to two misdemeanor violations of the federal Clean Water Act pursuant to a plea agreement conditionally approved on September 27
 2017 by the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. Under the terms of the plea agreement
 Tyson Poultry
 Inc. has agreed to pay a $2 million fine
 to make a $500
On June 19
 2005
 the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Environment of the State of Oklahoma filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 three subsidiaries and six other poultry integrators. The complaint
 which was subsequently amended
 asserts a number of state and federal causes of action including
 but not limited to
 counts under the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 and state-law public nuisance theories. Oklahoma alleges that the defendants and certain contract growers who were not joined in the lawsuit polluted the surface waters
 groundwater and associated drinking water supplies of the Illinois River Watershed through the land application of poultry litter. Oklahoma&#8217;s claims were narrowed through various rulings issued before and during trial and its claims for natural resource damages were dismissed by the district court in a ruling issued on July 22
 2009
 which was subsequently affirmed on appeal by the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. A non-jury trial of the remaining claims including Oklahoma&#8217;s request for injunctive relief began on September 24
 2009. Closing arguments were held on February 11
&#32;As of September 30
 2017
122
&#32;employees and
 at any time
 have various employment practices matters outstanding. In the aggregate
 these matters are significant to the Company
 and we devote significant resources to managing employment issues. Additionally
 we are subject to other lawsuits
 investigations and claims (some of which involve substantial amounts) arising out of the conduct of our business. While the ultimate results of these matters cannot be determined
Each of our executive officers serve one-year terms from the date of their election
 or until their successors are appointed and qualified. No family relationships exist among these officers. The name
 title
 age (as of September 30
Senior Vice President
Curt T. Calaway was appointed Senior Vice President
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in 2012
 after serving as Vice President
Sally Grimes was appointed Group President
 Prepared Foods in August 2017
 after serving as President
 North American Retail since February 2017
 Chief Global Growth Officer and President International since October 2016
 President
 International and Chief Global Growth Officer since August 2016
 and Chief Global Growth Officer since June 2015 following her appointment as President and Global Growth Officer in 2014. Ms. Grimes previously served as Senior Vice President
 Chief Innovation Officer and President
Thomas P. Hayes was appointed Chief Executive Officer in December 2016 following his appointment as President in June 2016. Prior to that
 he served as the Chief Commercial Officer since June 2015 after being appointed President
 Foodservice in 2014. Mr. Hayes previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer of Hillshire Brands since 2012. Mr. Hayes was initially employed by the Sara Lee Corporation
 the predecessor to Hillshire Brands
Mary Oleksiuk was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2014. Ms. Oleksiuk previously served as Senior Vice President
Doug Ramsey was appointed Group President
 Poultry in August 2017
 after serving as President Poultry since March 2017. Mr. Ramsey previously served as Senior Vice President Big Bird/Fowl since 2014
Scott Rouse was appointed Chief Customer Officer in September 2014
Stephen R. Stouffer was appointed President
 Fresh Meats in 2013
 after serving as Senior Vice President
 Beef Margin Management since 2012. Mr. Stouffer was initially employed by IBP
 inc. in 1982. IBP
Noel White was appointed Group President
 Fresh Meats/International in August 2017
 after serving as President
 Poultry since 2013
 after serving as Senior Group Vice President
 Fresh Meats since 2009. Mr.&#160;White was initially employed by IBP
ITEM&#160;5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
We have issued and outstanding two classes of capital stock
October&#160;28
 2017
 there were approximately 20
000 holders of record of our Class&#160;A stock and six holders of record of our Class B stock.
 the annual dividend rate for Class&#160;A stock was $0.90 per share and the annual dividend rate for Class B stock was $0.81 per share. In fiscal 
 the annual dividend rate for Class&#160;A stock was $0.60 per share and the annual dividend rate for Class B stock was $0.54 per share. On November 10
 2017
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 10
 2017
 to $0.30 per share on our Class A stock and $0.27 per share on our Class B stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 15
 2017
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1
 2017. Also on November 10
 2017
 the Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.30 per share on our Class A stock and $0.27 per share on our Class B stock
 payable on March 15
 2018
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 1
 2018.&#160;We anticipate the remaining quarterly dividends in fiscal 2018 will be $0.30 and $0.27 per share of our Class A and Class B stock
 respectively.&#160;This results in an annual dividend rate in fiscal 2018 of $1.20 for Class A shares and $1.08 for Class B shares
Jul. 2
 2017 to Jul. 29
69
27
821
Jul. 30
 2017 to Sept. 2
82
27
821
Sept. 3
 2017 to Sept. 30
42
27
821
194
27
821
On February 7
 2003
 we announced our Board of Directors approved a program to repurchase up to 25 million shares of Class A common stock from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. On May 3
 2012
 our Board of Directors approved an increase of 35 million shares
 on January 30
 2014
 our Board of Directors approved an increase of 25 million shares and
 on February 4
 2016
We purchased 194
741 shares during the period that were not made pursuant to our previously announced stock repurchase program
 but were purchased to fund certain Company obligations under our equity compensation plans. These transactions included 178
162 shares purchased in open market transactions and 16
The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns for our Class&#160;A stock
Tyson Foods
The total cumulative return on investment (change in the year-end stock price plus reinvested dividends)
 which is based on the stock price or composite index at the end of fiscal 2012
 is presented for each of the periods for the Company
 the S&amp;P 500 Index
 the previous peer group and our current peer group. The changes from our previous peer group to our current peer group was that our previous group included Sanderson Farms and our current peer group includes the addition of the Kraft Heinz Company and The Coca-Cola Company. The complete list of our current peer group includes: Archer-Daniels-Midland Company
 Bunge Limited
 Campbell Soup Company
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 Dean Foods Company
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Hormel Foods Corp.
 Kellogg Co.
 Kraft Heinz Company
 McCormick &amp; Co.
 Mondelez International Inc.
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Pilgrim's Pride Corporation
 The Coca-Cola Company
 The Hershey Company and The J.M. Smucker Company. The graph compares the performance of the Company's Class A common stock with that of the S&amp;P 500 Index and both peer groups
The information in this Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C
in millions
 except per share
38
36
41
37
34
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
Loss from discontinued operation
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
28
22
22
23
12
10
6
6
8
2
10
9
9
8
6
1
3
3
2
1
1
Fiscal 2017 net income included $103 million pretax expense of AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
Fiscal 2016 net income included $53 million related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and audit settlements. In fiscal 2016
 we adopted new accounting guidance
 retrospectively
 requiring classification of debt issuance costs as a reduction of the carrying value of the debt. In doing so
 $29 million
 $35 million
 $50 million and $10 million of deferred issuance costs have been reclassified from Other Assets to Long-Term Debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for fiscal 2016
 2015
 2014 and 2013 respectively. This change is reflected above in total assets
 total debt
Fiscal 2015 was a 53-week year
 while the other years presented were 52-week years. Fiscal 2015 included a $169 million pretax impairment charge related to our China operation
 $57 million pretax expense related to merger and integration costs
 $59 million pretax impairment charges related to our Prepared Foods network optimization
 $12 million pretax charges related to Denison impairment and plant closure costs
 $8 million pretax gain related to net insurance proceeds (net of costs) related to a legacy Hillshire Brands plant fire
 $21 million pretax gain on the sale of equity securities
 $161 million pretax gain on the sale of the Mexico operation
Fiscal 2014 included a $42 million pretax impairment charge and other costs related to the sale of our Brazil operation and Mexico's undistributed earnings tax
 $197 million pretax expense related to the Hillshire Brands acquisition
 integration and costs associated with our Prepared Foods improvement plan
 $40 million pretax expense related to the Hillshire Brands post-closing results
 purchase price accounting
 and costs related to a legacy Hillshire Brands plant fire
Fiscal 2013 included a $19 million currency translation adjustment gain recognized in conjunction with the receipt of proceeds constituting the final resolution of our investment in Canada. Additionally
 in fiscal 2013 we determined our Weifang operation (Weifang) was no longer core to the execution of our strategy in China. In July 2013
For the total debt to capitalization calculation
EBITDA is a Non-GAAP measure and defined as net income less interest income
 plus interest
 taxes
in millions
1
1
1
3
3
2
1
1
10
6
6
8
2
(1
9
5
6
7
1
252
 
 $10 million
 $10 million and $28 million for fiscal 2017
 2016
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
EBITDA represents net income
 net of interest
 income tax and depreciation and amortization. Net debt to EBITDA represents the ratio of our debt
 net of cash and short-term investments
 to EBITDA. EBITDA and net debt to EBITDA are presented as supplemental financial measurements in the evaluation of our business. We believe the presentation of these financial measures helps investors to assess our operating performance from period to period
 including our ability to generate earnings sufficient to service our debt
 and enhances understanding of our financial performance and highlights operational trends. These measures are widely used by investors and rating agencies in the valuation
 comparison
 rating and investment recommendations of companies; however
 the measurements of EBITDA and net debt to EBITDA may not be comparable to those of other companies
 which limits their usefulness as comparative measures. EBITDA and net debt to EBITDA are not measures required by or calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and should not be considered as substitutes for net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with GAAP or as a measure of operating cash flow or liquidity. EBITDA is a useful tool for assessing
 but is not a reliable indicator of
 our ability to generate cash to service our debt obligations because certain of the items added to net income to determine EBITDA involve outlays of cash. As a result
 actual cash available to service our debt obligations will be different from EBITDA. Investors should rely primarily on our GAAP results
 and use non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally
We are one of the world&#8217;s largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174;. Some of the key factors influencing our business are customer demand for our products; the ability to maintain and grow relationships with customers and introduce new and innovative products to the marketplace; accessibility of international markets; market prices for our products; the cost and availability of live cattle and hogs
We operate in four reportable segments: Beef
 Pork
 Chicken
 and Prepared Foods. Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
Ventures
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired and consolidated AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. (AdvancePierre)
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
General &#8211; Our fiscal 2017 operating income grew 3% compared to fiscal 2016 to a record $2
931 million
 which was led by record earnings in our Beef and Pork segments. The Beef segment's operating income improved $530 million and the Pork segment improved $117 million in fiscal 2017 due to favorable market conditions and strong operational execution. Our Chicken segment's lower operating income was impacted by increased operating costs and $56 million of restructuring and related charges. Our Prepared Foods segment's lower operating income was impacted by increased operating costs
 impairments of $52 million related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation and $45 million related to the expected sale of a non-protein business and $82 million of restructuring and related charges. In addition
 we incurred an incremental $95 million of compensation and benefit integration expense in fiscal 2017
 as we continued to integrate and make investments in our talent
 and incurred $85 million of AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related operating costs. Sales increased 4% in fiscal 2017 over fiscal 2016
 primarily due to increased sales volumes and increased beef
 pork and chicken prices
Market Environment &#8211; According to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
 domestic protein production (beef
 pork
 chicken and turkey) increased approximately 3% in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The Beef segment experienced strong export demand and more favorable domestic market conditions associated with an increase in cattle supply. The Pork segment had favorable market conditions associated with strong demand for our pork products and improved export markets. There was stronger demand for our chicken products and reduced feed ingredient costs of $80 million
&#32;(included $52 million impairment related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation
 $45 million impairment related to the expected sale of a non-protein business
Hillshire Integration &#8211; The impact of the The Hillshire Brands Company (Hillshire Brands) synergies
 along with the profit improvement plan related to our legacy Prepared Foods business
 had a positive incremental impact of approximately $90 million in fiscal 2017 above the $258 million captured in fiscal 2016 and $322 million captured in fiscal 2015
 for a total of $670 million of synergies realized. The majority of these benefits were realized in the Prepared Foods segment and were partially used to invest in innovation
 new product launches and supporting the growth of our brands.
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;of liquidity
Strategy - In fiscal 2017
 we announced our strategy to sustainably feed the world with the fastest growing portfolio of protein-packed brands. We intend to accomplish this by growing our portfolio of protein-packed brands and delivering food at scale
On June 7
 2017
&#32;per share in cash for AdvancePierre's outstanding common stock
. We funded the acquisition with existing cash on hand
 net proceeds from the issuance of new senior notes
 as well as borrowings under our commercial paper program and new term loan facility. AdvancePierre&#8217;s results from operations subsequent to the acquisition closing are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments. For further description refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
On April 24
 2017
 we announced our intent to sell three non-protein businesses
 Sara Lee&#174; Frozen Bakery
 Kettle and Van&#8217;s&#174;
 which are all included in our Prepared Foods segment
 as part of our strategic focus on protein-packed brands. We have reclassified the assets and liabilities related to these businesses to assets and liabilities held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2017
&#32;related to one of these businesses due to a revised estimate of the business&#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
 and consisted of goodwill and intangible assets previously classified within assets held for sale. We anticipate we will close the transactions by the end of calendar 2017
 or early calendar 2018
 and expect to record a net pretax gain as a result of the sale of these businesses. For further description refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the &#8220;Financial Fitness Program&#8221;)
 which is expected to contribute to the Company&#8217;s overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. Through a combination of synergies from the integration of AdvancePierre and additional elimination of non-valued added costs
 the Financial Fitness Program is estimated to result in cumulative net savings of $200 million in fiscal 2018
 $400 million in fiscal 2019 including new savings of $200 million
 and $600 million in fiscal 2020 including additional savings of $200 million. Approximately 50-60% of these net savings
 which are focused on supply chain
 procurement
 and overhead improvements
 are expected to be realized in the Prepared Foods segment with the majority of the remaining net savings impacting the Chicken segment. Additionally
 we estimate that approximately 75% of the net savings will be reflected in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income
 with the remaining in Selling
As part of the Financial Fitness Program
 we anticipate eliminating approximately 500 positions across several areas and job levels with most of the eliminated positions originating from the corporate offices in Springdale
 Arkansas; Chicago
 Illinois; and Cincinnati
 Ohio. As a result
 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
&#32;severance and employee related costs
&#32;technology impairment and related costs
&#32;for contract termination costs. The Company currently anticipates the Financial Fitness Program will result in cumulative pretax charges
 once implemented
&#32;which consist primarily of severance and employee related costs
 asset impairments
 accelerated depreciation
 incremental costs to implement new technology
 and contract termination costs. The following tables set forth the pretax impact of restructuring and related charges incurred in fiscal 2017 in the Consolidated Statements of Income and the pretax impact by our reportable segments. For further description refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Selling
Total restructuring and related charges
Total restructuring and related charges
in&#160;millions
1
1
1
$103 million pretax
 or ($0.18) per diluted share
 of AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
 which included a $36 million purchase accounting adjustment for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory
$150 million pretax
 or ($0.15) per diluted share
$52 million pretax
 or ($0.09) per diluted share
$45 million pretax
 or $0.01 per diluted share
$53 million post tax
 or $0.14 per diluted share
$169 million pretax
 or ($0.41) per diluted share
$59 million pretax
 or ($0.09) per diluted share
$57 million pretax
 or ($0.09) per diluted share
$12 million pretax
 or ($0.02) per diluted share
$161 million pretax
 or $0.24 per diluted share
$39 million pretax
 or $0.06 per diluted share
$26 million post tax
 or $0.06 per diluted share
$21 million pretax
 or $0.03 per diluted share
$8 million pretax
 or $0.02 per diluted share
38
36
41
&#32;&#8211; Sales were positively impacted by an increase in sales volume
&#32;&#8211; Sales were positively impacted by higher average sales prices
 which accounted for an increase of $902 million. Each segment had an increase in average sales price with the Pork
 Chicken and Prepared Foods segments contributing to the majority of the increase due to strong demand for our pork products
&#32;&#8211; Sales were negatively impacted by lower sales volume
 which accounted for a decrease of $1.9 billion. Each segment had a decline in sales volume primarily attributed to the additional week in fiscal 2015. The decrease in sales volume was also attributable to the divestitures of the Mexico and Brazil chicken production operations in fiscal 2015. When excluding these impacts along with the divestiture of our Heinold Hog Markets business in the first quarter of fiscal 2015
&#32;&#8211; Sales were negatively impacted by lower average sales prices
 which accounted for a decrease of $2.6 billion. Each segment had a decrease in average sales prices largely due to decreased pricing associated with lower beef
 pork
 and chicken prices
33
32
37
5
4
3
Cost of sales increased $993 million. Higher input cost per pound increased cost of sales $588 million while higher sales volume increased cost of sales $405 million. These amounts include a net increase of $425 million related to the inclusion of AdvancePierre results post acquisition
Increase of approximately $170 million in our Chicken segment related to increase in freight
 growout expenses and outside meat purchases
Increase due to impairment charges of $44 million related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation and $45 million related to the expected sale of a non-protein business
Increase in input cost per pound related to the acquisition of AdvancePierre on June 7
Increase due to net realized derivative losses of $79 million for fiscal 2017
from related physical purchase transactions
 which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed costs described above. Additionally
 cost of sales increased due to net unrealized losses of $40 million for fiscal 2017
 compared to net unrealized gains of $11 million for fiscal 2016
Remainder of net change is mostly due to increased cost per pound from a mix upgrade in the Chicken segment as we increased sales volume in value-added products as well as increased operating costs
 freight
 and plant variances across all segments
The $405 million impact of higher sales volume was driven by increases in sales volume in all segments
Decrease due to net realized derivative gains of $96 million in fiscal 2016
 compared to net realized derivative losses of $102 million in fiscal 2015 due to our risk management activities. These amounts exclude offsetting impacts from related physical purchase transactions
 which are included in the change in live cattle and hog costs and raw material and feed costs described above. Additionally
 cost of sales increased due to net unrealized gains of $11 million in fiscal 2016
 compared to net unrealized gains of $80 million in fiscal 2015
 primarily due to our Beef
 Pork
Selling
Selling
2
1
1
Increase of $288 million in selling
Increase of $124 million related to the AdvancePierre acquisition
 which was composed of $49 million in acquisition related costs
Increase of $53 million in employee costs including $34 million in non-restructuring severance related expenses and $24 million compensation and benefit integration expense
Increase of $116 million in selling
Increase of $88 million related to marketing
Increase of $17 million in all other primarily related to professional fees
Non-cash interest expense primarily included amounts related to the amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts/premiums on note issuances
Other (Income) Expense
&#32;&#8211; Included $28 million of legal costs related to two former subsidiaries of Hillshire Brands
 which were sold by Hillshire Brands in 1986 and 1994. Also
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 mostly related to expiration of statutes of limitations and settlements with taxing authorities
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 mostly related to expiration of statutes of limitations
We operate in four reportable segments: Beef
 Pork
 Chicken
 and Prepared Foods. Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
 third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired AdvancePierre
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
The following table is a summary of segment sales and operating income (loss)
14
14
17
5
4
5
11
10
11
1
1
1
7
7
7
(1
(1
(1
38
36
41
2
2
2
14
14
17
(2
&#8211; Sales volume increased due to improved availability of cattle supply
&#8211; Operating income increased due to more favorable market conditions as we maximized our revenues relative to the decline in live fed cattle costs
&#8211; Sales volume decreased due to the additional week in fiscal 2015. When excluding the additional week in fiscal 2015
 sales volume increased 0.8% due to increased availability of cattle supply and better demand for our beef products despite a reduction in live cattle processing capacity due to the closure of our Denison
 Iowa
Operating income increased due to more favorable market conditions as we maximized our revenues relative to the decline in live fed cattle cost
 in addition to reduced losses from mark-to-market open derivative positions and lower-of-cost-or market inventory adjustments that were incurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
5
4
5
&#8211; Operating income increased as we maximized our revenues relative to the live hog markets
 partially attributable to stronger export markets and operational and mix performance
&#8211; Sales volume decreased due to the divestiture of our Heinold Hog Markets business in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 and the additional week in fiscal 2015. Excluding these impacts
 sales volume grew 1.2%
&#8211; Operating income increased as we maximized our revenues relative to the decline in live hog markets and due to better plant utilization associated with increased volume processed
 which were partially offset by higher operating costs
11
10
11
1
1
1
&#8211; Operating income for fiscal 2017 was below prior year record results due to higher operating costs
 which included increased compensation and benefit integration expense of $41 million
 $17 million of incremental net costs attributable to two plant fires
 in addition to restructuring and related charges of $56 million
&#8211; Sales volume decreased primarily due to the additional week in fiscal 2015
&#8211; Average sales price decreased as feed costs declined
&#8211; Operating income was negatively impacted by the additional week in fiscal 2015 along with increases in operating costs and marketing
 advertising and promotion expenses
7
7
7
&#8211; Sales volume increased due to improved demand for our retail products and incremental volumes from the AdvancePierre acquisition
&#8211; Operating income decreased due to impairments of $52 million related to our San Diego operation and of $45 million related to the expected sale of a non-protein business
 $30 million of compensation and benefit integration expense
 $34 million related to AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
 $82 million of restructuring and related charges
Additionally
 Prepared Foods operating income was positively impacted by $538 million in synergies
 of which $97 million was incremental synergies in fiscal 2017 above the $156 million of synergies realized in fiscal 2016 and $285 million realized in fiscal 2015. The positive impact of these synergies to operating income was partially offset with investments in innovation
Average sales price decreased primarily due to a decline in input costs
Operating income increased due to mix changes as well as lower input costs of approximately $300 million
 partially offset with higher marketing
 advertising
 and promotion spend along with the additional week in fiscal 2015. Additionally
 Prepared Foods operating income was positively impacted by $441 million in synergies
 of which $156 million was incremental synergies in fiscal 2016 above the $285 million of synergies realized in fiscal 2015. The positive impact of these synergies to operating income was partially offset with heavy investments in innovation
&#8211; Operating loss increased primarily from $43 million of AdvancePierre third-party acquisition related costs
Our cash needs for working capital
 capital expenditures
 growth opportunities
 the repurchases of senior notes
 repayment of term loans and share repurchases are expected to be met with current cash on hand
 cash flows provided by operating activities
 or short-term borrowings. Based on our current expectations
 we believe our liquidity and capital resources will be sufficient to operate our business. However
 we may take advantage of opportunities to generate additional liquidity or refinance existing debt through capital market transactions. The amount
 nature and timing of any capital market transactions will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount
1
1
1
Other
2
2
2
Included a $73 million impairment of assets associated with restructuring and related charges
 $45 million impairment related to the expected sale of a non-protein business and an impairment of $51 million related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation. For further description regarding these charges refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 3: Acquisitions and Dispositions
Included $59 million of impairment charges related to our Prepared Foods network optimization and $169 million of impairments related to our China operation. For further description regarding these charges refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Other
&#32;Decreased primarily due to higher accounts receivable and inventory
 partially offset by increased accounts payable and increased accrued salaries and wages. The higher accounts receivable
 inventory and accounts payable balances are primarily attributable to price increases associated with higher input costs and the timing of sales and payments. The increase in accrued salaries and wages is primarily attributable to the restructuring accrual. For further description regarding this accrual refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
&#32;Increased primarily due to decreased inventory and accounts receivable balances and increased accrual for incentive compensation
 which were partially offset by decreased accounts payable
 increased tax receivable and contributions to pension plans. The decreased inventory
&#32;Increased primarily due to the decrease in inventory and accounts receivable balances and an increase in taxes payable
 partially offset by the decrease in accounts payable. The decreased inventory
Additions to property
(1
(Purchases of)/Proceeds from marketable securities
Acquisitions
(3
Other
(4
Additions to property
 plant and equipment included spending for production growth
 safety and animal well-being
 in addition to acquiring new equipment
Capital spending for fiscal 2018 is expected to approximate $1.4 billion and will include spending for production growth
 safety
 animal well-being
 infrastructure replacements and upgrades
 and operational improvements that will result in production and labor efficiencies
Proceeds from sale of businesses primarily included proceeds
 net of cash transferred
Acquisition
 net of cash acquired
 in fiscal 2017 related to acquiring AdvancePierre as part of our strategy to sustainably feed the world with the fastest growing portfolio of protein-packed brands. AdvancePierre's results from operations subsequent to the acquisition closing are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments. For further description regarding this transaction refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(3
(1
5
1
1
1
(2
(1
8
(7
(1
Other
1
(2
(2
2017 &#8211; We extinguished $1
146 million of AdvancePierre's debt
 which we assumed in the acquisition
$1
&#32;term loan tranche due June 2020
2015 &#8211; We fully retired the $401 million outstanding balance of the 2.75% senior notes due September 2015 and paid $353 million related to the 5-year tranche A term loan facility and $1
2017 &#8211; Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included a $1
800 million term loan and $2
743 million from senior unsecured notes after original issue discounts of $7 million
 to fund the AdvancePierre acquisition. In addition
 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt included $899 million of senior unsecured notes after original issue discounts of $1 million that was used to repay amounts outstanding under the term loan tranche due June 2020. We had net payments on our revolving credit facility of $300 million in fiscal 2017
2016 &#8211; We had borrowings of $1
065 million and payments of $765 million on our revolving credit facility for fiscal 2016. We utilized our revolving credit facility to balance our cash position with the retirement of the 2016 Notes and changes in working capital. Additionally
 total debt of our foreign subsidiaries was $7 million at October 1
 2016
2015 &#8211; $500 million from term loans
 the full balance of which was used to prepay outstanding borrowings under the 3-year tranche A term loan facility. In addition
 we had borrowings and payments on our revolver of $1
345 million for fiscal 2015. We utilized our revolving credit facility to balance our cash position with term loan deleveraging and changes in working capital. Additionally
 total debt of our foreign subsidiaries was $10 million at October 3
 2015
$797 million
 $1
868 million
 and $455 million for shares repurchased pursuant to our share repurchase program in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
$63 million
 $76 million and $40 million for shares repurchased to fund certain obligations under our equity compensation plans in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
We currently do not plan to repurchase shares
 other than to fund obligations under equity compensation programs
Other
1
1
1
Liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents
 short-term investments
 and availability under our revolving credit facility
At September 30
 2017
 we had current debt of $906 million
September&#160;30
 2017
 approximately $308 million of our cash was held in the accounts of our foreign subsidiaries. Generally
 we do not rely on the foreign cash as a source of funds to support our ongoing domestic liquidity needs. Rather
 we manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among our foreign subsidiaries and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The repatriation of cash balances from certain of our foreign subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences or be subject to regulatory capital requirements; however
 those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. United States income taxes
 net of applicable foreign tax credits
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Cash flows from operating activities and current cash on hand are our primary sources of liquidity for funding debt service
 capital expenditures
 dividends and share repurchases. We also have a revolving credit facility
 with a committed capacity of $1.5 billion
 to provide additional liquidity for working capital needs
September&#160;30
 2017
 we had no outstanding borrowings and $8 million of outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility
 none of which were drawn upon
 which left $1
492 million available for borrowing. Our revolving credit facility is funded by a syndicate of 41 banks
Our commercial paper program provides a low-cost source of borrowing to fund general corporate purposes including working capital requirements. The maximum borrowing capacity under the commercial paper program is $800 million. The maturities of the notes may vary
September&#160;30
 2017
To monitor our credit ratings and our capacity for long-term financing
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 the ratio of our net debt to EBITDA was 2.7x and 1.7x
 respectively. Refer to Part II
 Item 6
 Selected Financial Data
Standard &amp; Poor's Rating Services
 a Standard &amp; Poor's Financial Services LLC business (S&amp;P)
 credit rating for both term loans is BBB. Moody&#8217;s Investor Service
 Inc. (Moody's) credit rating for both term loans is Baa2. Fitch Ratings
 a wholly owned subsidiary of Fimlac
 S.A. (Fitch) credit rating for both term loans is BBB. The below table outlines the borrowing spread on the outstanding principal balances of our term loans that correspond to the ratings levels from S&amp;P
S&amp;P&#8217;s corporate credit rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is BBB. Moody&#8217;s
 senior unsecured
 long-term debt rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is Baa2. Fitch's issuer default rating for Tyson Foods
 Inc. is BBB. The below table outlines the fees paid on the unused portion of the facility (Facility Fee Rate) and letter of credit fees (Undrawn Letter of Credit Fee and Borrowing Spread) depending on the rating levels of Tyson Foods
 Inc. from S&amp;P
In the event the rating levels are split
 the applicable fees and spread will be based upon the rating level in effect for two of the rating agencies
 or
 if all three rating agencies have different rating levels
Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
September&#160;30
As further described in Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 15: Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits
&#32;in fiscal 2016. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors
 including minimum funding requirements. As a result
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations. The off-balance sheet arrangements we have are guarantees of debt of outside third parties
 including leases and grower loans
 and residual value guarantees covering certain operating leases for various types of equipment. See Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
September&#160;30
3
1
4
10
2
3
1
2
1
1
4
5
2
6
19
In the event of a default on payment
September&#160;30
 2017
Amounts include guarantees of debt of outside third parties
 which consist of leases and grower loans
 all of which are substantially collateralized by the underlying assets
Amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms
 including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed
 minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The purchase obligations amount included items
 such as future purchase commitments for grains
 livestock contracts and fixed grower fees
 that provide terms that meet the above criteria. For certain grain purchase commitments with a fixed quantity provision
September&#160;30
. We have excluded future purchase commitments for contracts that do not meet these criteria. Purchase orders are not included in the table
September&#160;30
Other long-term liabilities primarily consist of deferred compensation
 deferred income
 self-insurance
 and asset retirement obligations. We are unable to reliably estimate the amount of these payments beyond fiscal 2018; therefore
 we have only included the total liability in the table above. We also have employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other postretirement benefits of $258 million that are excluded from the table above. A discussion of the Company's pension and postretirement plans
 including funding matters
 is included in Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
In addition to the amounts shown above in the table
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
 based on the estimated fair values of the livestock supplier&#8217;s net tangible assets on that date
. There were no receivables under these programs at September 30
Refer to the discussion under Part II
 Item&#160;8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to wage and hour/labor
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of reserves and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events
 and determination of current reserves requires estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 differing interpretations of the law and assessments of the amount of damages
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our contingent liabilities. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
Marketing
We promote our products with marketing
 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives. These programs include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 volume-based incentives
 cooperative advertising
Marketing
 advertising
 and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. We accrue costs based on the estimated performance
Cash consideration given to customers is considered a reduction in the price of our products
 thus recorded as a reduction to sales. The remainder of marketing
 advertising and promotion costs is recorded as a selling
Recognition of the costs related to these programs contains uncertainties due to judgment required in estimating the potential performance
These estimates are based on many factors
We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our marketing
 advertising
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our marketing
 advertising
 and promotion accruals. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
A 10% change in our marketing
 advertising
 and promotion accruals at September 30
 2017
We are self-insured for certain losses related to health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in determining our self-insurance liability. We and the actuary consider a number of factors when estimating our self-insurance liability
 including claims experience
 demographic factors
Costs to settle our obligations
 including legal and healthcare costs
Incident rates
 including frequency and severity
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance liability. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
A 10% increase in the actuarial estimate at September 30
 2017
 would result in an increase in the amount we recorded for our self-insurance liability of approximately $27 million. A 10% decrease in the actuarial estimate at September 30
 2017
We use independent third-party actuaries to assist us in determining our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. We and the actuaries review assumptions that include estimates of the present value of the projected future pension payment to all plan participants
Net periodic benefit cost for the defined benefit pension plans was $28 million in fiscal 2017. The projected benefit obligation was $1
707 million at the end of fiscal 2017. Unrecognized actuarial gain was $44 million at the end of fiscal 2017. We currently expect net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2018 to be approximately $15 million
Plan assets are currently comprised of approximately 87% fixed income securities and 9% equity securities. Fixed income securities can include
 but are not limited to
 direct bond investments and pooled or indirect bond investments. Other investments may include
 but are not limited to
 international and domestic equities
 real estate
We expect to contribute approximately $38 million of cash to our pension plans in fiscal 2018. The exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors
The key assumptions used in developing the required estimates include such factors as discount rates
 expected returns on plan assets
 retirement rates
The discount rates were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
 were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. In determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets
 we first examined historical rates of return for the various asset classes within the plans. We then determined a long-term projected rate-of-return based on expected returns. Investment
 management and other fees paid out of plan assets are factored into the determination of asset return assumptions. Retirement rates are based primarily on actual plan experience
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our pension obligations and net periodic benefit cost. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 they are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
A 1% increase in the discount rate at September 30
 2017
 would result in a decrease in the projected benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of approximately $187 million and $19 million
 respectively. A 1% decrease in the discount rate at September 30
 2017
 would result in an increase in the projected benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of approximately $229 million and $14 million
A 1% change in the return on plan assets at September 30
 2017
Federal income tax includes an estimate for taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be taxable upon remittance to the United States
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the tax related balances or valuation allowances. However
 due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
To the extent we prevail in matters for which unrecognized tax benefit liabilities have been established
 or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
Long-lived assets and definite life intangibles are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Examples include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use the asset
 a change in its physical condition
When evaluating long-lived assets and definite life intangibles for impairment
 we compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset&#8217;s estimated undiscounted future cash flows. An impairment is indicated if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset. For assets held for sale
We recorded impairment charges related to long-lived assets and definite life intangibles of $214 million
 $45 million and $262 million
 in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
Our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to judgment in assumptions
 including useful lives and intended use of assets
 observable market valuations
 forecasted sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments or useful lives of long-lived assets or definite life intangibles. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows
We periodically conduct projects to strategically evaluate optimization of such items as network capacity
 manufacturing efficiencies and business technology. Additionally
 we continue to evaluate our international operations and strategies. If we have a significant change in strategies
 outlook
 or a manner in which we plan to use these assets
&#32;Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than its carrying amount or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
In January 2017
 the FASB issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
 the adoption did not have an impact to our fiscal 2017 goodwill impairment assessment. For further description of this new guidance
 refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets. However
 we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets prior to the required annual assessment if
 among other things
 we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
&#32;We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
We include assumptions about sales
 operating margins and growth rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
Our Prepared Foods reporting unit
 which is our Prepared Foods operating segment
 had goodwill at September 30
 2017
 totaling $3
678 million. We generally assumed operating margins in future years would be in our normalized range of 10% to 12%
 as we believe this is consistent with market participant views in an exit transaction. Had we assumed future operating margins consistent with those realized in the current fiscal year
 we would have failed the quantitative step of the annual impairment test
 which may have resulted in a material goodwill impairment loss. The current year Prepared Foods reporting unit results were not indicative of future market participant expectations in an exit transaction primarily due to unusual items in fiscal 2017 including $213 million of charges related to an acquisition
 impairment of our San Diego operation
 impairment associated with the expected sale of a non-protein business
 and restructuring and related charges. Additionally
 we are in the process of divesting three non-protein businesses and integrating AdvancePierre&#8217;s prepared operations into the Prepared Foods reporting unit
 as well as executing our Financial Fitness Program which should collectively improve operating results in future periods. To pass the first step of the annual impairment test in fiscal 2017
 the Prepared Foods reporting unit&#8217;s projected operating margins
 utilizing the discounted cash flow valuation technique
 had to average 6.6% (breakeven). We exceeded the breakeven operating margin level for the first nine months of fiscal 2017
 as well as each of the previous two fiscal years
The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which uses significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 all of our material reporting units that underwent a quantitative test passed the goodwill impairment analysis. In fiscal 2015
Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units and indefinite life intangible assets are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units and indefinite life intangibles
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
All of our material reporting units' estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value by more than 20% at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. Consequently
The discount rate used in our annual goodwill impairment test increased to 6.7% in fiscal 2017 from 6.2% in fiscal 2016. Discount rates continue to be low compared to historical levels.&#160;A 54% increase in the discount rate would have caused the carrying value of our Prepared Foods reporting unit
 with $3
678 million of goodwill at September 30
 2017
Our fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015 indefinite life intangible assets impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. All indefinite life intangible assets&#8217; estimated fair value exceeded their carrying value by more than 20% at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. Consequently
The discount rate used in our annual indefinite life intangible assets impairment test was 7.9% in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. A 20% increase in the discount rate would have caused the carrying value of one intangible asset
 which has a carrying value of $533 million
Market risk relating to our operations results primarily from changes in commodity prices
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates
 as well as credit risk concentrations. To address certain of these risks
 we enter into various derivative transactions as described below. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 depending on the nature of the hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument either will be offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings
 or be recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is recognized immediately. Additionally
 we hold certain positions
 primarily in grain and livestock futures that either do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting or are not designated as hedges. With the exception of normal purchases and normal sales that are expected to result in physical delivery
 we record these positions at fair value
The sensitivity analyses presented below are the measures of potential losses of fair value resulting from hypothetical changes in market prices related to commodities. Sensitivity analyses do not consider the actions we may take to mitigate our exposure to changes
&#32;We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce the effect of changing prices and as a mechanism to procure the underlying commodity. However
 as the commodities underlying our derivative financial instruments can experience significant price fluctuations
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
September&#160;30
 2017
 we had variable rate debt of $2
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Additionally
September&#160;30
 2017
7
. Market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
We have interest rate risk associated with our pension and post-retirement benefit obligations. Changes in interest rates impact the liabilities associated with these benefit plans as well as the amount of income or expense recognized for these plans. Declines in the value of the plan assets could diminish the funded status of the pension plans and potentially increase the requirements to make cash contributions to these plans. See Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
&#32;We have foreign exchange exposure from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as a result of certain receivable and payable balances. The primary currencies we have exposure to are the Brazilian real
 the British pound sterling
 the Canadian dollar
 the Chinese renminbi
 the European euro
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 related to the foreign exchange forward and option contracts would have a $7 million and $3 million impact
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 30
in millions
38
36
41
33
32
37
5
4
3
Selling
2
1
1
2
2
2
Other
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 30
1
1
1
Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
1
1
1
1
1
1
TYSON FOODS
September 30
 2017
 and October 1
in millions
Accounts receivable
1
1
3
2
6
4
Net Property
5
5
9
6
Intangible Assets
6
5
28
22
1
1
1
1
4
2
9
6
2
2
1
1
Class&#160;A-authorized 900&#160;million shares
Convertible Class B-authorized 900&#160;million shares
4
4
9
8
Treasury stock
(3
(3
10
9
10
9
28
22
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 30
4
4
4
4
4
4
8
6
5
1
1
1
9
8
6
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(3
(1
(1
(1
(3
(3
(1
10
9
9
10
9
9
TYSON FOODS
Three years ended September 30
1
1
1
Other
2
2
2
Additions to property
(1
Acquisitions
(3
Other
(4
(3
(1
5
1
1
1
(2
(1
8
(7
(1
Other
1
(2
(2
TYSON FOODS
&#32;Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 is one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174;. We innovate continually to make protein more sustainable
&#32;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
&#32;Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
&#32;We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
&#32;Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
In fiscal 2017
&#32;of the cost of inventories was determined by the first-in
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
3
2
Property
&#32;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
We review the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
&#32;years based on the pattern of revenue expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Amortization expense is generally recognized in selling
 general
 and administrative expense. We review the carrying value of definite life intangibles at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of the definite life intangible asset. We use various valuation techniques to estimate fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flows
 relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization or EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our material reporting units' exceeded its carrying value. In fiscal 2015
For our indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
&#32;We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Accrued salaries
Accrued marketing
1
1
We recognize the funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation. We measure our plan assets and liabilities at the end of our fiscal year. For a defined benefit pension plan
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan
 such as a retiree health care plan
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Any overfunded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Any transitional asset/liability
&#32;We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
&#32;There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
&#32;We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
We promote our products with marketing
 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives
 which include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 and volume-based incentives. Marketing and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other marketing and promotional activities are recorded as selling
Advertising expense is charged to operations in the period incurred and is recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. Advertising expense totaled $
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
&#32;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
In August 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that eases certain documentation and assessment requirements of hedge effectiveness and modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment. Some of the modifications include the ineffectiveness of derivative gain/loss in highly effective cash flow hedge to be recorded in OCI
 the change in fair value of derivative to be recorded in the same income statement line as hedged item
 and additional disclosures required on the cumulative basis adjustment in fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on financial statement lines for components excluded from the assessment. The amendment also simplifies the application of hedge accounting in certain situations to permit new hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In May 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that clarifies which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which will change the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to employer sponsored defined benefit plans and other postretirement benefits. Service cost will be included within the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while other components of net periodic benefit pension cost will be presented separately outside of operating income. Additionally
 only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied for the presentation of the service cost component and the other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the income statement
 and the prospective transition method should be applied
 on and after the effective date
In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets
 other than inventory
 in the period in which the transfer occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that provides more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows and impact on earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the awards vest or are settled
 which is a change from the current guidance that requires such activity to be recorded in capital in excess of par value within stockholders' equity. We adopted this guidance prospectively which may create volatility in our effective tax rate when adopted depending largely on future events and other factors which may include our stock price
 timing of stock option exercises
 and the value realized upon vesting or exercise of shares compared to the grant date fair value of those shares. Under the new guidance
In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which created new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective method should be applied. While we are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
 we have completed our initial scoping reviews and have made progress in our assessment phase as we continue to identify our leasing processes that will be impacted by the new standard. We have also made progress in developing the policy elections we will make upon adoption and we are implementing software to meet the reporting requirements of this standard. We expect our financial statement disclosures will be expanded to present additional details of our leasing arrangements. At this time
In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that requires most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent other changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. It should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
 unless
 equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values
 in which case
In July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which requires management to evaluate inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In May 2014
 the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We plan to adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 but currently
In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which removes step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting units' fair value. The guidance is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017
 and the prospective transition method should be applied. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance on how a reporting entity
 that is the single decision maker of a variable interest entity (VIE)
 should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity
 when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods
 beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We were required to adopt this guidance at the same time that we adopted the amendments in ASU 2015-02; therefore
 we early adopted this guidance
 retrospectively
In April 2015
 the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of fees paid by a customer for cloud computing arrangements. The guidance clarifies that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license
 the customer should account for the software license consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017
 and should be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As a result
In February 2015
 the FASB issued guidance changing the analysis procedures that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The new guidance affects the following areas: (1) limited partnerships and similar legal entities
 (2) evaluating fees paid to a decision maker or a service provider as a variable interest
 (3) the effect of fee arrangements on the primary beneficiary determination
 (4) the effect of related parties on the primary beneficiary determination
 and (5) certain investment funds. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017. We adopted this guidance
 retrospectively
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
&#32;per share for AdvancePierre's outstanding common stock
. We funded the acquisition with existing cash on hand
 net proceeds from the issuance of new senior notes and a new term loan facility
The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Certain estimated values for the acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 property
 plant and equipment
 and deferred income taxes
 are not yet finalized and are subject to revision as additional information becomes available and more detailed analyses are completed. The purchase price was allocated based on information available at acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded measurement period adjustments which increased goodwill by 
Property
2
1
(1
3
1
1
As a result of the acquisition
$2
&#32;of goodwill. The purchase price was assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the table above. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities. The allocation of goodwill to our reporting units is pending finalization of the expected synergies and the impact of the synergies to our reporting units. Of the goodwill acquired
We used various valuation techniques to determine fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis
 relief-from-royalty
 and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
The acquisition of AdvancePierre was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 and consequently
 the results of operations for AdvancePierre are reported in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. AdvancePierre's results from the date of acquisition
&#32;of Sales
The following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition of AdvancePierre had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2016. AdvancePierre's pre-acquisition results have been added to our historical results. The pro forma results contained in the table below include adjustments for amortization of acquired intangibles
 depreciation expense
 interest expense related to the financing and related income taxes. Any potential cost savings or other operational efficiencies that could result from the acquisition are not included in these pro forma results.
 including items such as consultant fees
 accelerated stock compensation and other deal costs; transaction related expenses incurred by the Company of 
 including fees paid to third parties
These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
39
38
1
1
On November 10
 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding shares of a valued-added protein business for 
 subject to certain adjustments
On April 24
 2017
&#32;non-protein businesses as part of our strategic focus on protein-packed brands.&#160;These businesses
 which are all part of our Prepared Foods segment
 include Sara Lee&#174; Frozen Bakery
 Kettle and Van&#8217;s&#174; and produce items such as frozen desserts
 waffles
 snack bars
 and soups
 sauces and sides.&#160;The sale is also expected to include the Chef Pierre&#174;
 Bistro Collection&#174;
 Kettle Collection&#8482;
 and Van&#8217;s&#174; brands
 a license to use the Sara Lee&#174; brand in various channels
 as well as our Tarboro
 North Carolina
 Fort Worth
 Texas
 and Traverse City
 Michigan
 prepared foods facilities. We have reclassified the assets and liabilities related to these businesses to assets and liabilities held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling 
 related to one of these businesses due to a revised estimate of the business&#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
 and consisted of goodwill and intangible assets previously classified within assets held for sale. In October 2017
 we executed a definitive asset purchase agreement to sell our Kettle operation for 
 subject to certain contingencies including regulatory approval. We anticipate we will close the Kettle and remaining transactions by the end of calendar 2017
 or early calendar 2018
 and expect to record a net pretax gain as a result of the sale of these businesses. The Company concluded the businesses were not significant disposal groups and did not represent a strategic shift
September 30
Accounts receivable
Net Property
Intangible Assets
In fiscal 2014
 we announced our plan to sell our Brazil and Mexico operations
 which are included in Other for segment reporting
&#32;including working capital
&#32;including working capital
 net debt adjustments and cash transferred. As a result of the sale
 we recorded a pretax gain of 
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa plant. As a result
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
&#32;impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&#8217;s operating income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
&#32;was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative. As a result of this project
 we sold our Chicago
 Illinois
 hospitality plant in June 2016 and closed our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
 plant in July 2016. The sale of our Chicago
 Illinois
 plant and closure of our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
In the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 as part of our ongoing efforts to increase efficiencies in our Chicken business
 we closed our Buena Vista
 Georgia
NOTE 4: PROPERTY
The following table reflects major categories of property
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
3
3
7
6
11
11
6
5
Net property
5
5
$1
September&#160;30
Balance at October 3
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
Balance at October 1
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
2
2
Balance at September 30
1
1
3
2
9
1
3
2
9
On June 7
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
Patents
2
1
2
1
4
4
6
5
084
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the &#8220;Financial Fitness Program&#8221;)
 which is expected to contribute to the Company&#8217;s overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. The Company currently anticipates the Financial Fitness Program will result in cumulative pretax charges
 once implemented
&#32;which consist primarily of severance and employee related costs
 asset impairments
 accelerated depreciation
 incremental costs to implement new technology
 and contract termination costs. As part of this program
&#32;positions across several areas and job levels with most of the eliminated positions originating from the corporate offices in Springdale
 Arkansas; Chicago
 Illinois; and Cincinnati
 Ohio.&#160;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
Selling
Total restructuring and related charges
Total restructuring and related charges
For fiscal 2017
&#32;severance and employee related costs
&#32;technology impairment and related costs
&#32;of employee related costs
&#32;of incremental costs to implement new technology
&#32;in accelerated depreciation
The following table reflects our liability related to restructuring which was recognized in other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
10
6
9
6
September&#160;30
 2017
$1
$1
$1
In May 2017
 we amended our existing credit facility which
 among other things
$1
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
 we had outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility totaling 
&#32;of bilateral letters of credit issued separately from the revolving credit facility
If in the future any of our subsidiaries shall guarantee any of our material indebtedness
 such subsidiary shall be required to guarantee the indebtedness
On August 21
 2017
 we issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of 
. Interest payments on the August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly on February 21
 May 21
 August 21 and November 21. Interest payments on the 2021 Notes are due semi-annually on February 23 and August 23. After the original issue discounts of 
. In addition
In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
$2
750 million
&#32;due May 2019
&#32;due June 2020
$1
&#32;due June 2027
&#32;due June 2047. The 2019 Floating-Rate Notes
 June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes
 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes carry interest rates of 
 
 
 respectively. Interest payments on the 2019 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly February 28
 May 30
 August 30
 and November 30. Interest payments on the June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly March 2
 June 2
 September 2
 and December 2. Interest payments on the 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes are due semi-annually on June 2 and December 2. After the original issue discounts of 
$2
. In addition
On August 18
 2017
In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
$1
&#32;under an unsecured term loan facility
&#32;related to this borrowing. In fiscal 2017
In June 2017
 in connection with our AdvancePierre acquisition
$1
&#32;of AdvancePierre's gross debt
$1
$1
&#32;of the total outstanding balance. Additionally
In 2017
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 2017
Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
September&#160;30
&#32;classes of capital stock
 Class&#160;Common A stock
&#32;par value (Class A stock) and Class B Common Stock
&#32;votes per share
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;of the outstanding shares of Class B stock and the TLP and members of the Tyson family owned
 in the aggregate
&#32;of the outstanding shares of Class&#160;A stock
 giving them
 collectively
The Class B stock is considered a participating security requiring the use of the two-class method for the computation of basic earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each period reflects the cash dividends paid for each class of stock
 plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings (losses) computed using the participation percentage
 which reflects the dividend rights of each class of stock. Basic earnings per share were computed using the two-class method for all periods presented. The shares of Class B stock are considered to be participating convertible securities since the shares of Class B stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into shares of Class&#160;A stock. Diluted earnings per share were computed assuming the conversion of the Class B shares into Class&#160;A shares as of the beginning of each period.
 
&#32;in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. We paid Class B dividends per share of 
 
&#32;in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. On November 10
 2017
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 10
 2017
&#32;per share on our Class B stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 15
 2017
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1
On February 4
 2016
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;shares remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program has no fixed or scheduled termination date and the timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 markets
 industry conditions
 liquidity targets
 limitations under our debt obligations and regulatory requirements. In addition to the share repurchase program
A summary of cumulative share repurchases of our Class A stock for fiscal 2017
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
October&#160;3
1
1
In fiscal 2014
 we completed the public issuance of 
&#32;tangible equity units (TEUs). Total proceeds
 net of underwriting discounts and other expenses
$1
. Each TEU
 which had a stated amount of 
 was comprised of a prepaid stock purchase contract and a senior amortizing note due July 15
 2017. We allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the TEUs to equity and debt based on the relative fair values of the respective components of each TEU. The fair value of the prepaid stock purchase contracts
$1
295 million
 was recorded in Capital in Excess of Par Value
 net of issuance costs. The fair value of the senior amortizing notes
 which was 
 was recorded in debt. Issuance costs associated with the TEU debt were recorded as deferred debt issuance cost and was amortized over the term of the instrument to July 15
The aggregate values assigned upon issuance of each component of the TEU's
 based on the relative fair value of the respective components of each TEU
in millions
1
1
1
1
In July 2017
Unrecognized tax benefits
During fiscal 2017
 the domestic production deduction decreased tax expense by 
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
During fiscal 2016
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
During fiscal 2015
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
. Additionally
 foreign rate differences
 mostly driven by the China impairment
$2
603 million
$2
543 million
$1
908 million
 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Property
2
1
3
3
2
2
September&#160;30
 2017
 our gross state tax net operating loss carryforwards approximated 
 of which 
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
September&#160;30
&#32;are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. If those earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
 we could be subject to federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits)
 state income taxes and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Due to the uncertainty of the manner in which the undistributed earnings would be brought back to the United States
 the tax laws in effect at that time
 as well as the availability of the Company to claim foreign tax credits
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
October&#160;3
The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 if recognized
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 before tax benefits
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
 we are subject to income tax examinations for United States federal income taxes for fiscal years 2013 through 2016. We are also subject to income tax examinations by major state and foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years 2005 through 2016 and 2002 through 2016
During fiscal 2017
&#32;of legal costs related to two former subsidiaries of Hillshire Brands
 which were sold by Hillshire Brands in 1986 and 1994
&#32;of equity earnings in joint ventures
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
&#32;of property
 plant and equipment
&#32;of other assets. This charge
&#32;was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
During fiscal 2016
&#32;in net foreign currency exchange losses
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2015
 following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken production operations
 we reviewed our strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China.&#160;Despite our belief in the potential for this business
 our Chinese operations had not achieved profitability.&#160;Given the losses that were generated in this business
 changes in the strategy and management of the business
 and the depressed economic outlook for China at that time
As a result of this evaluation
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
&#32;of property
 plant and equipment
During fiscal 2015
&#32;of gains on the sale of equity securities
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
in&#160;millions
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Class B weighted average shares
&#32;classes of capital stock
&#32;ratio per share to Class&#160;A stock and Class B stock
 respectively. We allocate undistributed earnings based on this ratio due to historical dividend patterns
Our business operations give rise to certain market risk exposures mostly due to changes in commodity prices
 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage a portion of these risks through the use of derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk
 foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. Our risk management programs are periodically reviewed by our Board of Directors' Audit Committee. These programs are monitored by senior management and may be revised as market conditions dictate. Our current risk management programs utilize industry-standard models that take into account the implicit cost of hedging. Risks associated with our market risks and those created by derivative instruments and the fair values are strictly monitored
 using value-at-risk and stress tests. Credit risks associated with our derivative contracts are not significant as we minimize counterparty concentrations
 utilize margin accounts or letters of credit
 and deal with credit-worthy counterparties. Additionally
September&#160;30
in millions
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
475
389
We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with the exception of normal purchases and normal sales expected to result in physical delivery. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 we designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged (i.e.
Cash Flow Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward and option contracts of forecasted purchases (i.e.
Fair Value Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward contracts of firm commitments (i.e.
Derivative instruments are designated as hedges against changes in the amount of future cash flows related to procurement of certain commodities utilized in our production processes. For the derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a cash flow hedge
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (OCI) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in earnings in the current period. Ineffectiveness related to our cash flow hedges was not significant during fiscal 
September&#160;30
 2017
 the net amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months are pretax losses of 
 
We designate certain derivative contracts as fair value hedges of firm commitments to purchase live cattle for harvesting or feeder cattle for growout production. Our objective of these hedges is to minimize the risk of changes in fair value created by fluctuations in commodity prices associated with fixed price livestock firm commitments. For these derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a fair value hedge
 the gain or loss on the derivative
 as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk
 are recognized in earnings in the same period. We include the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e.
 livestock purchase firm commitments) in the same line item
 Cost of Sales
 as the offsetting gain or loss on the related livestock forward position. 
In addition to our designated positions
 we also hold derivative contracts for which we do not apply hedge accounting. These include certain derivative instruments related to commodities price risk
 including grains
 livestock
&#32;&#8212; Other observable inputs available at the measurement date
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 either directly or indirectly
The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances where the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy
 the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
&#32;years. We classify our investments in United States government
 United States agency
 certificates of deposit and commercial paper debt securities as Level 2 as fair value is generally estimated using discounted cash flow models that are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including time value and yield curve as well as other readily available relevant economic measures. We classify certain corporate
 asset-backed and other debt securities as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
Unrealized holding gains (losses)
 net of tax
 are excluded from earnings and reported in OCI until the security is settled or sold. On a quarterly basis
 we evaluate whether losses related to our available-for-sale securities are temporary in nature. Losses on equity securities are recognized in earnings if the decline in value is judged to be other than temporary. If losses related to our debt securities are determined to be other than temporary
 the loss would be recognized in earnings if we intend
 or more likely than not will be required
 to sell the security prior to recovery. For debt securities in which we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity
 losses determined to be other than temporary would remain in OCI
 other than expected credit losses which are recognized in earnings. We consider many factors in determining whether a loss is temporary
 including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below cost
September 30
 2017
October&#160;1
&#32;We maintain non-qualified deferred compensation plans for certain executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are generally maintained within a trust and include money market funds
 mutual funds and life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies is invested primarily in mutual funds. The investments are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We classify the investments which have observable market prices in active markets in Level 1 as these are generally publicly-traded mutual funds. The remaining deferred compensation assets are classified in Level 2
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 we record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling 
 related to one of the non-protein businesses held for sale
 due to a revised estimate of the business&#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
&#32;of property
 plant and equipment
&#32;of other assets. This charge
&#32;was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
 was triggered by a change in a co-manufacturing contract and ongoing losses. Our valuation of these assets was primarily based on discounted cash flows and relief-from-royalty models
In fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa
 plant. As a result
In fiscal 2015
&#32;impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&#8217;s operating income
&#32;was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
Following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken operations in fiscal 2015
 we reviewed our long-term business strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China and India. We assessed our Chinese operation for a potential impairment in fiscal 2015 and as a result of this evaluation
&#32;of property
 plant and equipment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
10
10
6
6
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores
We issue shares under our stock-based compensation plans by issuing Class&#160;A stock from treasury. The total number of shares available for future grant under the Tyson Foods
18
094
September&#160;30
Outstanding
 October 1
11
191
(5
172
(87
1
615
Outstanding
 September 30
7
547
Exercisable
 September 30
4
152
777
 
 
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
 respectively.
 
 we received cash of 
 
 respectively
 for the exercise of stock options. Shares are issued from treasury for stock option exercises. The related tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. Cash flows resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost of those options (excess tax deductions) are classified as financing cash flows. We realized 
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
We issue restricted stock at the market value as of the date of grant
Nonvested
 October 1
1
602
734
25
(506
(141
Nonvested
 September 30
1
715
September&#160;30
 2017
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
We award performance-based shares of our Class A stock to certain employees. These awards are typically granted once a year. Performance-based shares vest based upon the passage of time and the achievement of performance or market performance criteria
 ranging from 
. We review progress toward the attainment of the performance criteria each quarter during the vesting period. When it is probable the minimum performance criteria for an award will be achieved
 we begin recognizing the expense equal to the proportionate share of the total fair value of the Class A stock price on the grant date. The total expense recognized over the duration of performance awards will equal the Class&#160;A stock price on the date of grant multiplied by the number of shares ultimately awarded based on the level of attainment of the performance criteria. For grants with market performance criteria
 the fair value is determined on the grant date and is calculated using the same inputs for expected volatility
 expected dividend yield
 and risk-free rate as stock options
 noted above
. The total expense recognized over the duration of the award will equal the fair value
Nonvested
 October 1
2
147
965
(389
(565
Nonvested
 September 30
2
157
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to performance shares
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;funded qualified plans
 which are all frozen and noncontributory
 and 
 
 
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
&#32;of our qualified pension plans with a termination date of April 30
 2017. The settlements of the terminated plans are expected to occur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 or the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 through purchased annuities. Since the amount of the settlement depends on a number of factors determined as of the liquidation date
 including the annuity pricing interest rate environment and asset experience
 we are currently unable to determine the ultimate cost of the settlement. However
. Contributions to purchase annuities at the time of settlement are expected to be minimal based upon the funded status of each plan at September 30
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans&#8217; benefit obligations
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively
1
1
1
$1
$1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Recognized actuarial loss (gain)
September&#160;30
 2017
 the amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months related to net periodic benefit cost for the qualified and non-qualified pension plans
 excluding pending settlements
 are 
September&#160;30
 2017
To determine the expected return on plan assets assumption
Our discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. These were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
September&#160;30
&#32;and October 1
 2016
&#32;of these plans
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;of the healthcare plans
September&#160;30
 2017
 were not impacted by healthcare cost trend rates due to plan amendments. The remaining plan
September&#160;30
 2017
&#32;for retirees who qualify and do not qualify for Medicare
Additionally
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
The plan trustees have established a set of investment objectives related to the assets of the domestic pension plans and regularly monitor the performance of the funds and portfolio managers. Objectives for the pension assets are (i)&#160;to provide growth of capital and income
 (ii)&#160;to achieve a target weighted average annual rate of return competitive with funds with similar investment objectives and (iii)&#160;to diversify to reduce risk. The target asset allocations are based upon the funded status of the plans. As pension obligations become better funded
Our domestic plan assets consist mainly of common collective trusts which are primarily comprised of fixed income funds
 equity securities and other investments. Fixed income securities can include
 but are not limited to
 direct bond investments
 and pooled or indirect bond investments. Other investments may include
 but are not limited to
 international and domestic equities
 real estate
 commodities and private equity. Derivative instruments may also be used in concert with either fixed income or equity investments to achieve desired exposure or to hedge certain risks. Derivative instruments can include
 but are not limited to
 futures
 options
September&#160;30
The following tables show the categories of pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined in the fair value hierarchy
September&#160;30
1
1
October&#160;1
1
1
We classify insurance contracts as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available
Balance at October 1
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance at September 30
Our policy is to fund at least the minimum contribution required to meet applicable federal employee benefit and local tax laws. In our sole discretion
 we may from time to time fund additional amounts. Expected contributions to pension plans for fiscal 2018 are approximately 
 
 we funded 
&#32;plans
 respectively
&#32;of our qualified pension plans. The plan termination process for these plans began on April
 30
 2017
Additionally
The risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we stop participating in a plan
 we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
&#32;in fiscal 2017 and 2016
Our participation in this multi-employer plan for fiscal 2017 is outlined below. The EIN/Pension Plan Number column provides the Employer Identification Number (EIN) and the three-digit plan number. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act (PPA) zone status available in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 is for the plan's year beginning January 1
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that we have received from the plan and is certified by the plan's actuaries. The zone status is a secondary classification
 critical and declining
 within the red zone for fiscal 2017. Among other factors
In addition to regular contributions
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(a) Translation loss reclassified to Cost of Sales related to disposition of a foreign operation
&#32;reportable segments: Beef
 Pork
 Chicken
 and Prepared Foods. We measure segment profit as operating income (loss). Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
 third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired AdvancePierre
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
&#32;Beef includes our operations related to processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
Pork includes our operations related to processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes our live swine group
&#32;Chicken includes our domestic operations related to raising and processing live chickens into
 and purchasing raw materials for
 fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products
 as well as sales from allied products. Our value-added chicken products primarily include breaded chicken strips
 nuggets
 patties and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
&#32;Prepared Foods includes our operations related to manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. This segment includes brands such as Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 State Fair&#174;
 Van's&#174;
 Sara Lee&#174; and Chef Pierre&#174;
 as well as artisanal brands Aidells&#174;
 Gallo Salame&#174;
 and Golden Island&#174;. Products primarily include ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks
 pepperoni
 bacon
 breakfast sausage
 turkey
 lunchmeat
 hot dogs
 pizza crusts and toppings
 flour and corn tortilla products
 desserts
 appetizers
 snacks
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes
 breadsticks and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
We allocate expenses related to corporate activities to the segments
 except for third-party merger and integration costs of 
&#32;in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
 LLC
 which are included in Other. Assets and additions to property
 plant and equipment relating to corporate activities remain in Other. In addition
 at September 30
 2017
14
5
11
7
(1
38
1
2
2
2
1
6
13
3
28
Additions to property
1
14
4
10
7
(1
36
1
2
2
2
1
5
11
22
Additions to property
17
5
11
7
(1
41
1
2
1
3
5
12
1
22
Additions to property
 plant and equipment
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Pork segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Chicken segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The aforementioned sales from intersegment transactions
 which were at market prices
Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
 
 
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in all the segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
 have a material impact on our operations.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
&#32;of long-lived assets were located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 European Union and India
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
We sell certain products in foreign markets
 primarily Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 and Taiwan. Our export sales from the United States totaled 
 
 
 respectively. Substantially all of our export sales are facilitated through unaffiliated brokers
 marketing associations and foreign sales staffs. Sales of products produced in a country other than the United States were less than 
Interest
Income taxes
&#32;wastewater facilities with an entity owned by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (for which Mr. John Tyson
 Chairman of the Company
 is a trustee)
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
&#32;of which is owned by TLP)
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson. Total payments of approximately 
As of September 30
 2017
 the TLP
 of which John Tyson and director Barbara Tyson are general partners
&#32;shares
&#32;of our outstanding Class B stock and
 along with the members of the Tyson family
&#32;shares of Class A stock
In August 2017
&#32;equity interest in Buchan Ltd.
 a Mauritian private holding company of poultry operations in sub-Saharan Africa. Acacia Foods
&#32;in Buchan Ltd. Donnie Smith
 who during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 was Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 serves as the Chairman of Acacia Foods
In fiscal 2017
 the Company provided administrative services to the Tyson Limited Partnership
&#32;shares of Class B stock
 and the Tyson Limited Partnership
 through TLP Investment
 L.P.
We lease equipment
 properties and certain farms for which total rentals approximated 
 
 in fiscal 
 
&#32;years
September&#160;30
 2017
We guarantee obligations of certain outside third parties
 consisting primarily of leases
 debt and grower loans
&#32;years
September&#160;30
 2017
. We also maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of the underlying leased assets at the end of the term of the lease. The remaining terms of the lease maturities cover periods over the next 
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
We have cash flow assistance programs in which certain livestock suppliers participate. Under these programs
 we pay an amount for livestock equivalent to a standard cost to grow such livestock during periods of low market sales prices. The amounts of such payments that are in excess of the market sales price are recorded as receivables and accrue interest. Participating suppliers are obligated to repay these receivables balances when market sales prices exceed this standard cost
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
. This receivable is included
 net of allowance for uncollectible amounts
 in Accounts Receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Even though these programs are limited to the net tangible assets of the participating livestock suppliers
 we also manage a portion of our credit risk associated with these programs by obtaining security interests in livestock suppliers&#8217; assets. After analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
When constructing new facilities or making major enhancements to existing facilities
 we will occasionally enter into incentive agreements with local government agencies in order to reduce certain state and local tax expenditures. Under these agreements
 we transfer the related assets to various local government entities and receive Industrial Revenue Bonds. We immediately lease the facilities from the local government entities and have an option to re-purchase the facilities for a nominal amount upon tendering the Industrial Revenue Bonds to the local government entities at various predetermined dates. The Industrial Revenue Bonds and the associated obligations for the leases of the facilities offset
 and the underlying assets remain in property
September&#160;30
 2017
Additionally
 we enter into future purchase commitments for various items
 such as grains
September&#160;30
 2017
1
2
We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We routinely assess the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to those matters
 as well as ranges of probable losses
 to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. We record accruals for such matters to the extent that we conclude a loss is probable and the financial impact
 should an adverse outcome occur
 is reasonably estimable. Such accruals are reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements. In our opinion
 we have made appropriate and adequate accruals for these matters and believe the probability of a material loss beyond the amounts accrued to be remote; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if accruals are not adequate
&#32;lawsuits involving our beef
 pork and prepared foods plants in which certain present and past employees allege that we failed to compensate them for the time it takes to engage in pre- and post-shift activities
 such as changing into and out of protective and sanitary clothing and walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act and various state laws. The plaintiffs seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
Bouaphakeo (f/k/a Sharp)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 N.D. Iowa
 February 6
&#32;- A jury trial was held involving our Storm Lake
 Iowa pork plant which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs for violations of federal and state laws for pre- and post-shift work activities. The trial court also awarded the plaintiffs liquidated damages
$5
784
$2
692
. We appealed the jury's verdict and trial court's award to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The appellate court affirmed the jury verdict and judgment on August 25
 2014
 and we filed a petition for rehearing on September 22
 2014
 which was denied. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court
 which was granted on June 8
 2015
 and oral arguments before the Supreme Court occurred on November 10
 2015. On March 22
 2016
 the Supreme Court affirmed the appellate court&#8217;s rulings and remanded to the trial court to allocate the lump sum award among the class participants. On remand
 the trial court determined that the lump sum award should be allocated to class participants according to the method prescribed by plaintiffs&#8217; expert at trial. The trial court has yet to enter a judgment. Subsequently
 a joint notice advising the court of a global settlement of this case
&#32;matter (described below)
 and the consolidated 
 inclusive of wages
 penalties
 interest
 attorneys&#8217; fees and costs
 and costs of settlement administration. The trial court held an approval hearing on October 11
Edwards
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 March 20
&#32;- The trial court in this case
 which involves our Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa pork plants
 decertified the state law class and granted other pre-trial motions that resulted in a judgment in our favor with respect to the plaintiffs&#8217; claims. The plaintiffs have filed a motion to modify this judgment. A joint motion for preliminary approval of the collective and class action settlement was filed on July 7
Murray
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 C.D. Illinois
 January 2
DeVoss v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a. Tyson Fresh Meats
 C.D. Illinois
 March 2
&#32;- These cases involve our Joslin
 Illinois beef plant and are in their preliminary stages. A joint notice of settlement and a request to stay the proceedings was filed with and granted by the court on June 28
Dozier
 Southerland
 et al. v. The Hillshire Brands Company
 E.D. North Carolina
 September 2
&#32;- This case involves our Tarboro
 North Carolina prepared foods plant. On March 25
 2016
$425
000
 which includes all of the plaintiffs&#8217; attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. The court preliminarily approved the joint motion for settlement
 and the final approval hearing is set for December 5
The Hillshire Brands Company was named as a defendant in an asbestos exposure case filed by Mark Lopez in May 2014 in the Superior Court of Alameda County
 California. Mr. Lopez was diagnosed with mesothelioma in January 2014 and is now deceased. Mr. Lopez&#8217;s family members asserted negligence
 premises liability and strict liability claims related to Mr. Lopez&#8217;s alleged asbestos exposure from 1954-1986 from the Union Sugar plant in Betteravia
 California. The plant
 which was sold in 1986
 was owned by entities that were predecessors-in-interest to The Hillshire Brands Company. In August 2017
&#32;in favor of the plaintiffs
On September 2
 2016
 Maplevale Farms
 Inc.
 acting on behalf of itself and a putative class of direct purchasers of poultry products
 filed a class action complaint against us and certain of our poultry subsidiaries
 as well as several other poultry processing companies
 in the Northern District of Illinois. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims on behalf of putative classes of direct and indirect purchasers were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The court consolidated the complaints
 for pre-trial purposes
 into actions on behalf of three different putative classes: direct purchasers
. Several amended and consolidated complaints have been filed on behalf of each putative class. The currently operative complaints allege
 among other things
 that beginning in January 2008 the defendants conspired and combined to fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens in violation of United States antitrust laws. The complaints on behalf of the putative classes of indirect purchasers also include causes of action under various state unfair competition laws
 consumer protection laws
 and unjust enrichment common laws. The complaints also allege that defendants &#8220;manipulated and artificially inflated a widely used Broiler price index
 the Georgia Dock.&#8221; It is further alleged that the defendants concealed this conduct from the plaintiffs and the members of the putative classes. The plaintiffs are seeking treble damages
 injunctive relief
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
On October 17
 2016
 William Huser
 acting on behalf of himself and a putative class of persons who purchased shares of Tyson Foods' stock between November 23
 2015
 and October 7
 2016
 filed a class action complaint against Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Donnie Smith and Dennis Leatherby in the Central District of California. The complaint alleged
 among other things
 that our periodic filings contained materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose that the Company has colluded with other producers to manipulate the supply of broiler chickens in order to keep supply artificially low
. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims were filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York
 the Western District of Arkansas
 and the Southern District of Ohio. Each of those cases have now been transferred to the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas and consolidated
 and lead plaintiffs have been appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on March 22
 2017
 (which also named additional individual defendants). The consolidated complaint seeks damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. We filed a motion to dismiss this complaint
 which the court granted on July 26
On January 20
 2017
 the Company received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) in connection with an investigation related to the Company. On August 23
 2017
 we received written notification that the SEC staff had concluded the investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Company based on the information available to the agency as of that date. Based upon the information we have
On March 1
 2017
 we received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. The CID requests information primarily related to possible anticompetitive conduct in connection with the Georgia Dock
Our subsidiary
 The Hillshire Brands Company (formerly named Sara Lee Corporation)
 is a party to a consolidation of cases filed by individual complainants with the Republic of the Philippines
 Department of Labor and Employment and the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC) from 1998 through July 1999. The complaint is filed against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation
 Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc.
 Fashion Accessories Philippines
 Inc.
 and Attorney Cesar C. Cruz (collectively
 the &#8220;respondents&#8221;). The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that the respondents engaged in unfair labor practices in connection with the termination of manufacturing operations in the Philippines by Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 a former subsidiary of The Hillshire Brands Company. In 2006
3
453
664
) in damages and fees. The respondents appealed the labor arbiter's ruling
 and it was subsequently set aside by the NLRC in December 2006. Subsequent to the NLRC&#8217;s decision
 the parties filed numerous appeals
 motions for reconsideration and petitions for review
 certain of which remained outstanding for several years. While various of those appeals
 motions and/or petitions were pending
 The Hillshire Brands Company
 on June 23
 2014
 without admitting liability
342
287
). Based in part on its finding that the consideration to be paid to the complainants as part of such settlement was insufficient
 the Supreme Court of the Philippines denied the respondents&#8217; settlement motion and all motions for reconsideration thereof. The Supreme Court of the Philippines also set aside as premature the NLRC&#8217;s December 2006 ruling. As a result
 the cases are now back before the NLRC
 which will once again rule on the respondents&#8217; appeals regarding the labor arbiter&#8217;s 2006 ruling in favor of the complainants. In the meantime
5
&#32;complainants
68
$1
). The settlement payment was made on December 21
 2016
 to the NLRC
 which is responsible for distributing the funds to each settling complainant. On December 27
 2016
 the respondents filed motions for reconsideration with the NLRC asking that the award be set aside. The NLRC denied respondents' motions for reconsideration in a resolution received on May 5
 2017
 and entered a judgment on the award on July 24
 2017. Previously
 from May 10
 2017 to May 12
 2017
 Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines each filed petitions for certiorari with requests for an immediate temporary restraining order and a writ of permanent injunction with the Philippines Court of Appeals. On August 18
 2017
 the Court of Appeals granted a temporary restraining order precluding execution of the NLRC judgment against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc. The temporary restraining order will expire on November 21
 2017 unless further extended by a preliminary injunction. We have recorded an accrual for this matter for the amount of loss that
 at this time
 we deem probable and enforceable. This accrual is reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements and reflects an amount significantly less than the amount awarded by the labor arbiter in 2004 (i.e.
3
453
664
)). The ultimate enforceable loss is uncertain
 and if our accrual is not adequate
in&#160;millions
9
9
9
10
1
1
1
1
9
9
9
9
1
1
1
1
&#32;pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
&#32;purchase accounting adjustment for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory related to AdvancePierre
Fourth quarter fiscal 2017
&#32;pretax restructuring and related charges
&#32;pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
Tyson Foods
In our opinion
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Tyson Foods
as of September 30
and October 1
 2016
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
 2017
The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements
 on the financial statement schedule
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
As described in Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 management has excluded AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
 2017 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during fiscal 2017. We have also excluded AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management&#8217;s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 
 respectively
 of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30
Fayetteville
November 13
An evaluation was performed
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the 1934 Act)). Based on that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO concluded that
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
 there have been no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the 1934 Act. Our internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
September&#160;30
. In making this assessment
&#32;(2013) issued by COSO
September&#160;30
Management excluded AdvancePierre Food Holdings
September&#160;30
&#32;because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination in June 2017. AdvancePierre Food Holdings
 Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 
 respectively
September&#160;30
The Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 who has audited the fiscal 2017 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
September&#160;30
&#32;as stated in its report which appears in Part II
On November 9
 2017
 we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. John Tyson
 Chairman of the Board of Directors. This agreement replaces Mr. Tyson&#8217;s previous employment agreement dated May 1
The agreement provides for an annual base salary of $1
050
000 and eligibility for participation in the Company&#8217;s annual performance incentive plan
 as well as any benefit programs generally applicable to employees of the Company. In addition
 Mr. Tyson is eligible to receive
 on such dates specified by the Company consistent with the Company&#8217;s treatment of similarly-situated employees
 performance and stock incentive awards under the Company&#8217;s incentive plans then in effect (if any)
Mr. Tyson is also entitled to the use of certain Company-owned assets
 including aircraft for up to 275 hours annually. Mr. Tyson is also entitled to personal security services provided by the Company
 provided that such services do not exceed the value of $50
000 annually. The Company has also agreed to reimburse Mr. Tyson for the annual premium on a $7
500
Mr. Tyson may terminate his employment under the agreement
 subject to confidentiality and non-compete obligations contained therein
 upon 30 days&#8217; prior written notice to the Company. The Company&#8217;s Board of Directors has the right to terminate the agreement at any time upon written notice to Mr. Tyson. Any such termination without cause is subject to the Company&#8217;s obligation to pay
 in a lump sum
 an amount equal to two years of his base salary and two times his target annual cash bonus
 plus continued medical coverage for life.&#160;Such termination will also trigger vesting of stock options
Upon the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the agreement)
 all previously granted restricted stock
ITEM&#160;10. DIRECTORS
See information set forth under the captions &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221;
February&#160;8
&#32;(the &#8220;Proxy Statement&#8221;)
 which information is incorporated herein by reference. Pursuant to general instruction G(3) of Annual Report on Form 10-K
We have a code of ethics as defined in Item&#160;406 of Regulation S-K
 which code applies to all of our directors and employees
 including our principal executive officers
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
 and persons performing similar functions. This code of ethics
 titled &#8220;Tyson Foods
 Inc. Code of Conduct
&#8221; is available
We will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct
 and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the Securities and Exchange Commission or the New York Stock Exchange
See the information set forth under the captions &#8220;Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Director Compensation For Fiscal Year 
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Report of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#8221;
 and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Proxy Statement
 which information is incorporated herein by reference. However
 pursuant to instructions to Item&#160;407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K
 the material appearing under the sub-heading &#8220;Report of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee&#8221; shall be deemed furnished and not be deemed to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the Securities and Exchange Commission
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners&#8221; and &#8220;Security Ownership of Management&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
September&#160;30
7
547
40
279
7
547
40
279
Shares available for future issuance as of September 30
 2017
 under the Stock Incentive Plan (18
094
438)
 the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (14
537
943)&#160;and the Retirement Savings Plan (7
647
ITEM&#160;13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221;
 Information Regarding the Board and its Committees and &#8220;Certain Transactions&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
See the information included under the captions &#8220;Audit Fees
&#8221; &#8220;Audit-Related Fees
&#8221; &#8220;Tax Fees
&#8221; &#8220;All Other Fees
&#8221; and &#8220;Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy&#8221; in the Proxy Statement
ITEM&#160;15. EXHIBITS
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
TYSON FOODS
September&#160;30
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of July 1
 2014
 by and between the Company and Hillshire Brands (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 2
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
 and incorporated herein by reference). Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K
Share Purchase Agreement dated November 9
 2010
 by and among BBU
 Inc.
 Grupo Bimbo
 S.A.B. DE C.V. and Hillshire Brands Corporation (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 1
 2011
 by The Hillshire Brands Company
 Commission File No. 001-03344
 and incorporated herein by reference). Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K
Master Separation Agreement by and between Sara Lee Corporation
 D.E MASTER BLENDERS 1753 B.V. and DE US
 Inc.
 dated as of June 15
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 18
 2012 by The Hillshire Brands Company
 Commission File No. 001-03344
 and incorporated herein by reference). Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 25
 2017 among Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. and DVB Merger Sub
 Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
 and incorporated herein by reference). Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October&#160;3
 1998
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Fifth Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed for the period ended June 29
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Indenture dated June 1
 1995
 by and between the Company and The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.
 as Trustee (the &#8220;Company Indenture&#8221;) (previously filed as Exhibit 4 to Registration Statement on Form S-3
 filed with the Commission on December 18
 1997
 Registration No. 333-42525
Form of 7.0% Note due January 15
 2028
 issued under the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 27
 1997
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 7.0% Note due May 1
 2018
 issued under the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 28
 1998
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of September 18
 2006
 by and among the Company
 Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19
 2006
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 15
 2008
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee (including the form of 3.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2013)
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13
 2012
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 13
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 4.50% Senior Note due 2022 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 and included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed June&#160;13
 2012
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 2.65% Senior Note due 2019 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 3.95% Senior Note due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2034 (included in Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 National Association (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 5.15% Senior Note due 2044 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8&#8209;K filed August 8
 2014
 Commission File No. 001&#8209;14704
Purchase Contract Agreement dated as of August 5
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A.
 as Purchase Contract Agent (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 5
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Unit (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 5
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Purchase Contract (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 5
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5
 2014
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A.
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.5 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 5
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Amortizing Note (previously filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 5
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Indenture dated October 2
 1990
 between Sara Lee Corporation and Continental Bank
 N.A.
 as Trustee (the &#8220;Sara Lee Indenture&#8221;) (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement No. 33-33603 on Form S-3 by Sara Lee Corporation
 predecessor in interest to The Hillshire Brands Company
 filed with the Commission on October 5
 1990
 Commission File No. 001-03344
Form of 4.10% Notes due 2020 issued pursuant to the Sara Lee Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 7
 2010 by The Hillshire Brands Company
 Commission File No. 001-03344
Form of 6.13% Notes due 2032 issued pursuant to the Sara Lee Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.25 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated June 2
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-k filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2019 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated June 2
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated June 2
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.6 on the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 3.55% Senior Notes due 2027 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated June 2
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 4.55% Senior Notes due 2047 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated August 23
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A.(as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2020 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Supplemental Indenture dated August 23
 2017
 by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A.. (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank
 N.A.))
 as Trustee
 supplementing the Company Indenture (previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of 2.250% Senior Notes due 2021 (previously filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of July 15
 2014
 by and among the Company
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 as the Administrative Agent
 and certain other lenders party thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 17
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of April 7
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A. as lender
 and Merill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated
 as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8
 2015
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amendment No. 1 to Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of May 5
 2016
 by and between the Company and Bank of America
 N.A. as lender (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of August 18
 2017
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 and Bank of America
 N.A. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of May 12
 2017
 by and among the Company
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc.
 as Administrative Agent
 and certain other lenders party thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 17
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 12
 2017
 among the Company
 the subsidiary
 borrowers party thereto
 and lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as the Administrative Agent
 and certain other lenders thereto (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 17
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 1
 2014
 by and between the Company and John Tyson (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of November 17
 2016
 by and between the Company and Thomas Hayes (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 22
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and David Van Bebber (previously filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 14
 2012
 by and between the Company and Dennis Leatherby (previously filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
 by and between the Company and Noel W. White (previously filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
 by and between the Company and Howell P. Carper(previously filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 12
 2013
 by and between the Company and Stephen R. Stouffer(previously filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated August 29
 2014
 by and between the Company and Andrew P. Callahan(previously filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated August 29
 2014
 by and between the Company and Sobhana (Sally) Grimes (previously filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated August 29
 2014
 by and between the Company and Mary Oleksiuk (previously filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated August 28
 2015
 by and between the Company and Curt T. Calaway (previously filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3
 2015
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated April 25
 2016
 by and between the Company and Monica McGurk (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated November 1
 2012
 by and between the Company and Scott E. Rouse (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 1
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Employment Agreement
 dated October 5
 2014
 by and between the Company and Douglas W. Ramsey (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 1
 2017
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Transition
 Non-Compete and Consulting Agreement dated November 17
 2016
 between the Company and Donald J. Smith (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 22
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Retention Award Letter Agreement
 dated August 29
 2014
 by and between the Company and Andrew Callahan
 Sobhana (Sally) Grimes
 Thomas Hayes and Mary Oleksiuk (previously filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Indemnity Agreement
 dated as of September&#160;28
 2007
 between the Company and John Tyson (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September&#160;28
 2007
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Indemnity Agreement between Tyson Foods
 Inc. and its directors and certain executive officers (previously filed as Exhibit 10(t) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30
 1995
 Commission File No. 0-3400
Tyson Foods
 Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan for Senior Executives adopted February 4
 2005
 and reapproved February 5
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2005
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 effective as of February 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 99.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 on February 22
 2013
 Registration No. 333-186797
First Amendment to the Tyson Foods
 Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 effective February 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Executive Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc. effective January 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective February 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 on February 22
 2013
 Registration No. 333-186797
First Amendment to the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective May 1
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan effective November 14
 2013 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-147-4
Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc. effective January 1
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
First Amendment to the Retirement Savings Plan of Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 as Amended and Restated as of January 1
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc. effective August 1
 2000
 and Amendment to Freeze the Retirement Income Plan of IBP
 inc. effective December 31
 2002 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2008
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Shares Relative Total Shareholder Return Stock Incentive Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Shares EBIT Stock Incentive Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards were granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan prior to July&#160;31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October&#160;2
 2004
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective July 31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3
 2009
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective January 1
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Subject to Performance Criteria Stock Incentive Award Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards subject to performance criteria are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Incentive Award Agreement with contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Restricted Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 3-9 pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement with the remaining contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Options Incentive Award Agreement with contracted employees pursuant to which stock options awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Options Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock options awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2016 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 31
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards were granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan prior to July 31
 2009 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2004
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective July 31
 2009
 through February 3
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.43 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective February 4
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2
 2010
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with contracted employees at band level 1-5 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.41 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 6-9 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 29
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.42 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.46 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with contracted employees at band level 1-5 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement with key employees and contracted employees at band level 6-9 pursuant to which stock option awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 28
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which stock options are granted to contracted employees under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which stock options are granted to non-contracted employees under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.50 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 4
 2010 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.44 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2011
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Performance Stock Award Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 3
 2011 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.52 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective October 26
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.53 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted officers pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with contracted officers pursuant to which performance stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees which include non-competition
 non-solicitation and confidentiality agreements
 pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which restricted stock awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock awards subject to performance criteria are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Plan Stock Agreement pursuant to which restricted stock units awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement pursuant to which stock appreciation rights awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with contracted employees pursuant to which stock options awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees which include non-competition
 non-solicitation and confidentiality agreements
 pursuant to which stock options awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Form of Stock Incentive Award Agreement with non-contracted employees pursuant to which stock options awards are granted under the Tyson Foods
 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan effective November 30
 2015 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended January 2
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Tyson Foods
 Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Contracted Employees
 effective October 31
 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.54 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29
 2012
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Tax Sharing Agreement
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 by and among Sara Lee Corporation
 D.E MASTER BLENDERS 1753 B.V. and DE US
 Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18
 2012 by The Hillshire Brands Company
 Commission File No. 001-03344
First Amendment to the Company's Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan as Amended and Restated as of November 14
 2014 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.57 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27
 2014
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Amended and Restated Tyson Foods
 Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan effective January 1
 2017 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.68 to the Company's Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1
 2016
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated November 9
 2017
Code of Conduct of the Company (previously filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28
 2013
 Commission File No. 001-14704
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30
 2017
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pursuant to requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
TYSON FOODS
November&#160;13
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
Senior Vice President
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
November&#160;13
 2017














		


This Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;)
 effective the 9th day of November
 2017 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 by and between Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as &#8220;Tyson&#8221;)
WHEREAS
 Tyson and you have previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of May 1
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
 Tyson is engaged in a very competitive business
 where the development and retention of extensive confidential information
WHEREAS
 by virtue of your employment with Tyson
 you have been and continue to be involved in the development of
 and have had and will continue to have access to
 Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
 trade secrets and proprietary information
 and
 if such information were to get into the hands of competitors of Tyson
WHEREAS
 you will not continue to be provided with or given access to Tyson&#8217;s customers and goodwill or Tyson&#8217;s confidential information
WHEREAS
 Tyson has advised you that agreement to the terms of this Agreement
 and specifically the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 is an integral part of this Agreement
 and you acknowledge the importance of the non-compete and non-solicitation sections
 and having reviewed the Agreement as a whole
NOW
 THEREFORE
.  In consideration of the above and other good and valuable consideration
 you are expressly being given employment
 continued employment
 a relationship with Tyson
 certain monies
 benefits
 severance
 stock awards
 training and/or access to trade secrets and confidential information of Tyson and its customers
suppliers
.  Tyson hereby agrees to continue to employ you as its Chairman of the Board.  The duties and services required to be performed by you shall be consistent with your position
 as assigned by the Board of Directors of Tyson (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) in its sole discretion from time to time.  You shall report to the Board.  You agree to devote a sufficient amount of your working time
 attention and energies to the business of Tyson as is necessary to permit fulfillment of your duties and responsibilities to Tyson.  You may make and manage personal investments for yourself and your family and investments for entities you represent (provided such investments in other activities do not violate
 in any material respect
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement)
 be involved in charitable
 civic
 educational
 and professional activities
 and serve on boards of not for profit and other for profit entities
 provided such activities do not materially and unreasonably interfere with the performance of your duties and obligations hereunder.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will not
 except as expressly permitted by the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board
 engage in any (i) competitive outside business activities
 (ii) outside business that provides goods or services to Tyson
 or (iii) outside business that buys products from Tyson.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson
 you will devote your reasonable efforts to the good faith performance of your duties and the advancement of Tyson and shall not engage in any other employment
 profitable activities
 or other pursuits which would cause you to disclose or utilize Confidential Information (as defined in Section 6(a))
 or reflect adversely on Tyson.  This obligation shall include
 but is not limited to
 obtaining Tyson&#8217;s consent prior to performing tasks for business associates of Tyson outside of your customary duties for Tyson
 giving speeches or writing articles
 blogs
 or posts
 about Tyson&#8217;s business
 or improperly using Tyson&#8217;s name in each case in a manner that reflects unfavorably upon Tyson.  You further agree that other than the Tyson Limited Partnership
 a Delaware limited partnership of which you are a general partner
 or any other use of your individual name
 nickname
 initials
 identity or related references by you
 you will not use
 incorporate
 or otherwise create any business entity or organization or domain name using any name confusingly similar to the name of &#8220;Tyson Foods&#8221; or the name of any affiliate of Tyson or any other name under which any such entities do business
Compensation and Benefits for Services.  You shall receive all regular compensation for services as described in this Section 2 and the benefits provided under Section 4 and Section 5 in exchange for signing this Agreement and for agreeing to abide and be bound by the terms
 provisions and restrictions of Sections 1(b) and 6.  You understand and acknowledge that you have been properly and timely informed of the type
 amount and terms of such consideration and that you would not be entitled to such consideration
 and that such consideration would not be paid
.  For the services to be performed hereunder during the Period of Employment
 Tyson shall pay you at a base salary of $1
050
000 per annum
 which may be increased by Tyson from time to time.  Such base salary shall be paid in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s payroll practice
.  You may receive performance incentive awards under Tyson&#8217;s annual and long-term incentive plans then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts as determined by and subject to the discretion of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board (the &#8220;CLDC&#8221;)
.  You may receive stock awards under an equity incentive compensation plan of Tyson then in effect (if any)
 on terms and in amounts as determined by and subject to the discretion of the CLDC
Benefit Plans
.  You shall be entitled to participate in any benefit plans
 including without limitation any employee pension and welfare benefit programs
 of Tyson as adopted or amended from time to time on terms and in amounts commensurate with those provided to other comparable executive officers of Tyson.  You shall be entitled to continued payment of your current
 annual benefits under the terms of the Tyson Foods
 Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement and Life Insurance Premium Plan (&#8220;SERP&#8221;) and to further participation in the retirement benefit portion of the SERP.  In the event that your annual benefit payment under the SERP at the time of payment is less than the benefit level at the effective date of this Agreement
 which is $175
195.70 before required tax withholdings
 Tyson will provide you an annual benefit equal to the difference.  You will further be entitled to annual paid vacation and leave time in accordance with Tyson&#8217;s applicable vacation and leave time policies as in effect from time to time.  Tyson will pay or reimburse you for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by you in the performance of your services to Tyson
.  Your base salary
 performance incentive compensation
 stock grant levels
 and plan participation will be subject to review annually (or from time to time at Tyson&#8217;s discretion more frequently)
.  During the Period of Employment
Tyson shall make available to you the use of Tyson-owned assets
 including entertainment assets
 and the use of Tyson aircraft for up to 275 hours annually
 in a manner consistent with Tyson&#8217;s then-existing policies; provided that your personal use of Tyson-owned assets shall not interfere with Tyson&#8217;s business use of such assets.  If you do not use all of such aircraft hours in a given year
 you may use those unused hours in future years during the Period of Employment.  As part of such personal use of Tyson aircraft
 you may designate such number of additional passengers on such aircraft as seating permits
Tyson shall arrange for secure access to Tyson&#8217;s computer system from your home office as necessary for you to perform your duties from time to time
Tyson shall provide you with reasonable access to and use of its security personnel consistent with past practice.  If you request security services when reasonably warranted for business activity including without limit travel (and more particularly
 international travel)
 Tyson shall arrange for or reimburse you for such reasonable and mutually agreed upon services
 up to $50
Tyson shall reimburse you for the annual premium payment on that certain existing $7
500
000 life insurance policy on your life consistent with past practice.  If during the Period of Employment you choose to replace the existing policy with a different life insurance policy
Tyson will reimburse you (and gross-up such reimbursements to cover) any and all income tax liability (including interest and penalties) imposed upon you in connection with the availability or receipt of the services
 perquisites and benefits set forth in this Section 2(g) and for and after taking into account any reimbursements received by you under this Section 2(g)(v) all in an amount sufficient so that such services
 perquisites
&#32;Upon any termination of your employment for any reason
 you shall immediately resign or be removed from all positions of employment with Tyson.  If you remain a duly elected member of the Board of Directors
.  Your employment hereunder will terminate upon your &#8220;Disability&#8221;.  For purposes of this Agreement
 Disability has the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained or
 if applicable
 most recently maintained
 by Tyson for its other comparable executive officers.  If no long-term disability plan or policy was ever maintained on behalf of you or
 if the determination of Disability relates to an incentive stock option
 Disability means that condition described in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 as amended from time to time.  In the event of a dispute
.  Upon the occurrence of a &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; event
 you may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement by providing a notice of termination for Good Reason to Tyson within no more than sixty (60) days of the Good Reason event and providing Tyson thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice to cure the Good Reason event.  If Tyson cures the Good Reason event within such thirty (30) day period
 you may not terminate your employment for Good Reason
 but you may voluntarily resign pursuant to Section 3(d) below.  If Tyson fails to cure the Good Reason event within such thirty (30) day period
 your termination of employment will be effective under this Section 3(c).  For purposes of the Agreement
 you will be treated as having terminated for &#8220;Good Reason&#8221; if you terminate employment after the occurrence of any one or more of the following: (i) your having been removed either from the position of Chairman of the Board or your position as an executive officer; (ii) your being required to report to anyone other than the entire Board; (iii) a reduction in your base salary or your eligibility for any bonus or other compensation (unless such reduction in eligibility for other compensation is attributable to a change in the underlying plan benefits
other comparable executive officers of Tyson)
 resulting in a material diminution in your base salary or eligible bonus or other compensation; (iv) a material change in the geographic location at which you must perform your primary duties from Springdale
 Arkansas; (v) a material diminution in your duties
.  You may terminate your employment pursuant to this Agreement at any time by not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tyson
 which notice period may be waived by Tyson.  Upon receipt of such notice
 Tyson shall have the right
 at its sole discretion
.  Tyson may
 acting through its Board
 terminate your employment hereunder for &#8220;Cause&#8221; at any time after providing a notice of termination for Cause to you.  For purposes of this Agreement
any act by you of intentional misrepresentation or embezzlement
you are (A) convicted of
 (B) confess to
 (C) plead no contest to
 or (D) become the subject of proceedings that provide a reasonable basis for Tyson to believe that you have been engaged in
For purposes of this Agreement an act or failure to act shall be considered &#8220;willful&#8221; only if done or omitted to be done without your good faith reasonable belief that such act or failure to act was in the best interests of Tyson.  In no event shall Tyson&#8217;s failure to notify you of the occurrence of any event constituting Cause
 or to terminate you as a result of such event
 be construed as a consent to the occurrence of future events
 whether or not similar to the initial occurrence
employment by reason of Cause under either subsections (i)
 (ii)
(x)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Written notice is provided to you not less than 30 days prior to the date of termination setting forth Tyson&#8217;s intention to terminate you for Cause
(y)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;You are offered an opportunity to both respond and provide reasonable explanation to such statement by appearing in person
 together with legal counsel
 before the Board and take action(s) to cure
 on a prospective basis and to the reasonable satisfaction of the Board
(z)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;By the affirmative vote of a majority of all the independent members of the Board
By determination of the Board
.  Tyson
 acting through its Board
.  In the event that your employment hereunder is terminated for a reason set forth in Section 3 above
 the compensation and benefits described in Section 2 above shall cease
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson for Cause or by you without Good Reason
Any accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered prior to the Termination Date
 any accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under this Agreement
Any benefits accrued through the Termination Date to which you may be entitled pursuant to the plans
 policies and arrangements
 as determined and paid in accordance with the terms of such plans
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by reason of your death or Disability
 Tyson shall pay you
 your estate or your legal representative
 as applicable
Tyson shall provide you
 your spouse
 and your eligible dependents with health care coverage (&#8220;Post Termination Health Care Coverage&#8221;).  Tyson may choose to provide the Post Termination Health Care Coverage through either of the following programs:  (A) healthcare
 hospitalization
 medical
 long term care
 vision
 dental
 and other similar insurance coverage or benefits under the Tyson Healthcare Continuation Plan or any successor or additional plan maintained by Tyson and at such coverage levels and upon such terms and conditions as shall otherwise be made available to any of the most senior officers of Tyson (including
 without limitation
 the provision of such coverage at a monthly cost to you that is equal to the monthly premium cost paid by other similarly situated participants); or (B) a Medicare supplemental policy (including
 without limitation
 a pharmaceutical supplement) at no cost to you.  In addition
 you and your spouse will continue to participate in Tyson&#8217;s Executive Rewards Allowance program.  The Post Termination Health Care Coverage will provide you
 your spouse
 and your eligible dependents with coverage that is substantially similar to the healthcare
 hospitalization
 medical
 long term care
 vision
 dental and other similar insurance coverage/benefits to you and your spouse received under this Agreement.  This coverage will be provided until such time as you and your spouse are deceased and in the case of your eligible dependents
Upon written notice given to Tyson by you and your legal representative
 as applicable
 terminate and redeem all outstanding vested and unexercised options to purchase any Tyson stock held by you in exchange for a lump sum payment equal to the aggregate difference between (x) the fair market value of the stock represented by such options as determined as of the close of Tyson&#8217;s business on the date of the occurrence of the event giving rise to the application hereof less (y) the strike price for such stock under the applicable options (the &#8220;Option Cash Out&#8221;)
.  In the event that your employment is terminated by Tyson without Cause or by you for Good Reason
Subject to your execution of the Release (as defined below)
You will become fully vested in any of your unvested stock options that are outstanding on the Termination Date
 notwithstanding any contrary vesting provisions of the respective stock option award agreement(s)
You will become vested in a pro rata portion of any of your unvested restricted stock awards that are outstanding on your Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria are on track to be satisfied (e.g.
 on a run rate basis)
 notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the respective restricted stock award agreement(s) and determined without regard to the passing of any time period from and after the applicable Grant Date provided in the restricted stock award agreement(s).  Such pro rata portion shall be equal to the percentage of the total vesting period
 measured in days
You will become entitled to a pro rata portion of any performance share awards that are outstanding on the Termination Date provided the applicable performance criteria are met.  The pro rata portion of your award shall equal the percentage of the total performance period
 measured in days
.  For purposes of this Agreement
 &#8220;Release&#8221; means that specific document which Tyson shall present to you for consideration and execution after your termination of employment
 under which you and Tyson mutually agree to irrevocably and unconditionally release and forever discharge one another (including your and Tyson&#8217;s respective subsidiaries
 affiliates
 heirs
 successors
 assigns
 representatives and related parties) from any and all claims and causes of action pertaining to your employment relationship with Tyson or the termination thereof which either you or Tyson at that time had or may have had against the other (excluding any claim you may have for indemnity under this Agreement
 or any by-laws or other governing document of Tyson or any liability insurance policy maintained by Tyson
 any claim you may have under state workers&#8217; compensation or unemployment laws or any claim
 right
 entitlement or payment which either you or Tyson is entitled to under the terms of this Agreement).  The Release will be provided to you as soon as practical after your Termination Date
 but in any event in sufficient time so that you will have adequate time to review the Release as provided by applicable law.  The Release must be signed within forty-five (45) days of its presentation to you and in all events within sixty (60) days after your Termination Date.  The Release shall not become effective until seven (7) days after it is executed.  Tyson maintains a form of Release
shall be available for your review upon request.  Subject to Section 8 below
.  Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (defined below) the stock awards that have been granted to you pursuant to award agreements from Tyson under Section 2
 or which have otherwise been previously granted to you under an award agreement from Tyson
 and which awards remain outstanding at the time of the Change in Control
 will be treated in accordance with the applicable award agreements.  For purposes of this Agreement
 the term &#8220;Change in Control&#8221; shall have the same meaning as set forth in Tyson&#8217;s equity incentive compensation plan then in effect; provided
 however
 that a Change in Control shall not include any event as a result of which one or more of the following persons or entities possess or continues to possess
 immediately after such event
 over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of Tyson
 or if applicable
 a successor entity:  (a) Tyson Limited Partnership
 or any successor entity; (b) individuals related to the late Donald John Tyson by blood
 marriage or adoption
 or the estate of any such individual (including Donald John Tyson&#8217;s); or (c) any entity (including
 but not limited to
 a partnership
 corporation
 trust or limited liability company) in which one or more of the entities
 individuals or estates described in clauses (a) and (b) hereof possess over fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power or beneficial interests of such entity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 this Section 5 shall not affect the time or form of payment under an applicable award agreement
 and all awards shall be paid at the time
 and in the form
.  You acknowledge that during the course of your employment with Tyson
 you will be provided
 learn
 develop and have access to Tyson&#8217;s trade secrets
 confidential information and proprietary materials which may include
 but are not limited to
 the following:  strategies
 methods
 books
 records
 and documents; technical information concerning products
 formulas
 production
 distribution
 equipment
 services
 and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of and other information concerning customers
 suppliers
 vendors
 investors
 and other business affiliates (such as contact name
 service provided
 pricing
 type and amount of services used
 credit and financial data
 and/or other information relating to Tyson&#8217;s relationship with that business affiliate); pricing strategies and price curves; positions
 plans
 and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; weather data; financial analysis
 returns and reports and sales data; trading methodologies and terms; evaluations
 opinions
 and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers&#8217; names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating Tyson; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; personnel information
 including salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other information
 whether tangible or intangible
 in any form or medium provided (collectively
 &#8220;Confidential Information&#8221;) which is not generally available to the public and which has been developed
 will be developed or acquired by Tyson at considerable effort and expense.  Without limiting the foregoing
 you acknowledge and agree that you will learn
 be provided
 develop and have access to certain techniques
implemented or developed by Tyson which are not generally known to the public or within the community in which Tyson competes
 and any and all such information shall be treated as Confidential Information.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Confidential Information shall not include any information which is or becomes either (i) publicly available other than as a result of your violation of this Agreement or (ii) available to you on a non-confidential basis from a source
 other than Tyson
During the Period of Employment or at any time thereafter
 unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing by Tyson
 you hereby covenant and agree:  (A) to hold Confidential Information in the strictest confidence; (B) not to
 directly or indirectly
 disclose
 divulge or reveal any Confidential Information to any person or entity other than as authorized by Tyson; (C) to use such Confidential Information only within the scope of your employment with Tyson for the benefit of Tyson; and (D) to take such protective measures as may be reasonably necessary to preserve the secrecy and interest of Tyson in the Confidential Information.  You agree to immediately notify Tyson of any unauthorized disclosure or use of any Confidential Information of which you become aware.  The confidentiality obligations herein shall not prohibit you from revealing either evidence of criminal wrongdoing to legitimate law enforcement officials or Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction or as otherwise required by law
 rule
 regulation
 public reporting requirements or other governmental investigation or mandate; however
 to the extent legally permissible you shall promptly inform Tyson of any such situations and shall take reasonable steps to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information until Tyson has been informed of such required disclosure and has had a reasonable opportunity first to seek a protective order.  You may also (1) disclose Confidential Information to your personal attorneys and accountants
.  &#8220;Creative Works&#8221; include
 but are not limited to
 all original works of authorship
 inventions
 discoveries
 designs
 computer hardware and software
 algorithms
 programming
 scripts
 applets
 databases
 database structures
 or other proprietary information
 business ideas
 and related improvements and devices
 which are conceived
 developed
 or made by you
 either alone or with others
 in whole or in part
 on or off Tyson&#8217;s premises
 (i) during your employment with Tyson
 (ii) with the use of the time
 materials
 or facilities of Tyson
 (iii) relating to any product
 service
 or activity of Tyson of which you have knowledge
 or (iv) suggested by or resulting from any work performed by you for Tyson.  Creative Works do not include inventions or other works developed by you entirely on your own time without using Tyson&#8217;s equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or trade secret information except for those inventions or works developed during your employment with Tyson that either:  (A) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Tyson&#8217;s business
your employment that has enacted laws relating to ownership of works created without use of or reference to Tyson materials
 facilities
 and/or intellectual property and do not relate to Tyson&#8217;s business
To the extent any rights in the Creative Works are not already owned by Tyson
 you irrevocably assign and transfer to Tyson all proprietary rights
 including
 but not limited to
 all patent
 copyright
 trade secret
 trademark
 and publicity rights
 in the Creative Works and agree that Tyson will be the sole and exclusive owner of all right
 title
 and interest in the Creative Works.  Tyson will have the right to use all Creative Works
 whether original or derivative
 in any manner whatsoever and in any medium now known or later developed.  You agree not
 at any time
 to assert any claim
 ownership
 or other interest in any of the Creative Works or Confidential Information; provided
Both during and after your employment
 you agree to execute any documents necessary to effectuate the assignment to Tyson of the Creative Works
 and will execute all papers and perform any other lawful acts reasonably requested by Tyson for the preparation
 prosecution
 procurement
 and maintenance of any trademark
 copyright
 and/or patent rights in and for the Creative Works. You further agree that you will not be entitled to any compensation in addition to the salary paid to you during the development of the Creative Works.  In the event Tyson is unable for any reason to secure your signature to any document Tyson reasonably requests you to execute under this Section 6
.  You are being employed or continuing to be employed by Tyson with the understanding that (i) you are free to enter into employment or continued employment with Tyson
 (ii) your employment with Tyson will not violate any agreement you may have with a third party (e.g.
 existing employment
 non-compete
 intellectual property ownership
 and/or non-disclosure agreements)
 and (iii) only Tyson is entitled to the benefit of your work performed for or on behalf of Tyson hereunder.  If you have any agreements with a prior employer
 you are required to provide such agreements to Tyson prior to executing this Agreement.  Tyson has no interest in using any other person&#8217;s patents
 copyrights
 trade secrets
.  All written materials
 records
 data
 and other documents prepared or possessed by you during and in the course of your employment with Tyson are Tyson&#8217;s property.  All memoranda
 notes
 records
 files
 correspondence
 drawings
 manuals
 models
 specifications
 computer programs
 maps
 and all other documents
 data
 or materials of any type embodying such information
 ideas
 concepts
 improvements
 discoveries
 and inventions are Tyson&#8217;s property.  You agree not to remove any property of Tyson
 including
 but not limited to
 any Confidential Information or Creative Works
 from Tyson&#8217;s premises
authorized under Tyson&#8217;s policies or with the prior written approval of Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  Unless specifically authorized by Tyson in writing
 you may not place Tyson Confidential Information or Creative Works on Removable Media
 as defined below.  On Tyson&#8217;s request
 or the termination of your employment for any reason
 you will immediately return to Tyson all Tyson property
 including all Confidential Information and Creative Works and any and all documents and materials that contain
 refer to
 or relate in any way to any Confidential Information
 as well as any other property of Tyson in your possession or control
 including all electronic and telephonic equipment
 credit cards
 security badges
 and passwords.  You will permit Tyson to inspect any property provided by Tyson to you or developed by you as a result of or in connection with your employment with Tyson when you accept other employment or otherwise separate from your employment
 regardless of where the property is located.  For purposes of this Section
 &#8220;Removable Media&#8221; means portable or removable hard disks
 floppy disks
 USB memory drives
 zip disks
 optical disks
 CDs
 DVDs
 digital film
 memory cards (e.g.
 Secure Digital (SD)
 Memory Sticks (MS)
 CompactFlash (CF)
 SmartMedia (SM)
 MultiMediaCard (MMC)
 and xD-Picture Card (xD))
 magnetic tape
.  You acknowledge that Tyson performs services throughout the United States and that your duties and services impact Tyson&#8217;s performance of services throughout the United States.  Accordingly
 you acknowledge the need for certain restrictions contained in this Agreement to be without limitation as to location or geography within the United States. You agree that during your continuing employment with Tyson
 you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of yourself or in conjunction with any other person
 company or entity
 own (other than less than 5% ownership in a publicly traded company)
 manage
 operate
 or participate in the ownership
 management
 operation
 or control of
 or be employed by or a consultant to any person
 company or entity which is in competition with Tyson
 with which entity  you would hold a position with responsibilities similar to any position you held with Tyson during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date or to which entity you would utilize or disclose confidential methodologies
 techniques
 customer lists or information of Tyson. You agree that during your continuing employment with Tyson you will not directly or indirectly
 on behalf of you or any other person
 company or entity
 participate in the planning
 research or development of any strategies or methodologies
 similar to strategies or methodologies
 utilized or developed by Tyson
 excluding general industry knowledge
 for which you had access to
 utilized or developed during the 24 months preceding your Termination Date.  You agree that nothing in this Section shall limit your confidentiality obligations in this Agreement.  Further
 you understand and agree that during your continued employment
 while you may gather information and otherwise undertake to investigate other employment opportunities
 you shall not compete
 solicit or take on activities which are in violation of this Agreement.  Should you leave Tyson and accept employment or a consulting position with a competitor of Tyson
.  You agree that during your employment with Tyson and for a period of 24 months thereafter
 you will not
 nor will you assist any third party to
 directly or indirectly (i) raid
 hire
 solicit
 encourage or attempt to persuade any employee or independent contractor of Tyson
 or any person who was an employee or independent contractor of Tyson during the 6 months preceding the Termination Date
 who possesses or had access to Confidential Information of Tyson
the performance by any such persons of their duties for Tyson; (iii) communicate with any such persons for the purposes described in the paragraph above; or (iv) solicit
.  Each of you and Tyson agrees to not
 at any time
 engage in
 or permit your or its directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or representatives to engage in
 any form of conduct
 or make any statement or representation
 either oral or written
 that disparages
 impugns or otherwise impairs the reputation
 goodwill or interests of the other
 or in the case of Tyson
 any of its officers
 directors
 shareholders
 managing members
 representatives
 and/or employees or agents in either the individual or representative capacities of any of the foregoing individuals (including
 without limitation
 the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors
 allegations
 negative reports or comments).  In addition
 neither you nor Tyson shall direct
 arrange or encourage any other third party or person to make any such derogatory or disparaging statement on your or its respective behalf.  Nothing in this Section
 however
 shall prevent you or Tyson or its directors
 officers
 employees
 agents or representatives from providing truthful testimony or information in any proceeding or in response to any request from any governmental agency
 or judicial
.  You acknowledge and agree that
 in the event of any breach by you of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 pursuant to the terms of certain benefit plans and programs
 your accrued benefits thereunder may be discontinued or forfeited
 in addition to any other rights and remedies Tyson may have at law or in equity.  You acknowledge that irreparable damage would result to Tyson if the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement are not specifically enforced
 and that
 in addition to any other legal or equitable relief available
 and notwithstanding any alternative dispute resolution provisions that have been or may be agreed to between Tyson and you
.  In addition to subsection (h) above
 any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to any policy
 whether in existence as of the Effective Date or later adopted
 established by Tyson and adopted by the CLDC that provides for the clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to you under circumstances requiring clawback or recovery as set forth in such policy.  Tyson will make any determinations for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.  Further
 notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
 if within one year of the termination of your employment
 Tyson becomes aware of facts that would have allowed Tyson to terminate your employment for Cause (within the meaning of Section 3)
 then
Tyson may elect to cancel any and all payments of benefits otherwise due to you
 but not yet paid
you will refund to Tyson any amounts
 plus interest
.  You specifically acknowledge and agree that the purpose of the restrictions contained in Section 6 of this Agreement is to protect Tyson from unfair competition
 including improper use of the Confidential Information by you
 and that the restrictions and covenants contained herein are reasonable with respect to both scope and duration of application.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if any court determines that any of the terms herein are unreasonable
 invalid or unenforceable
 the court may interpret
 alter
 amend or modify any or all of the terms to include as much of the scope
 time period and intent as will render the restrictions enforceable
 and then as modified
 enforce the terms.  Each covenant and restriction contained in this Agreement is independent of each other such covenant and restriction
 and if any such covenant or restriction is held for any reason to be invalid
 unenforceable and incapable of corrective modification
 then the invalidity or unenforceability of such covenant or restriction shall not invalidate
.  All written notices
 requests and other communications provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been duly given
 if delivered in person or by courier
 or by facsimile transmission or sent by express
 registered or certified mail
 postage prepaid addressed
 if to you
 at the most recent address on record in Tyson&#8217;s human resources information system
 (with a copy to your legal representative
 Joel A. Katz
 Esq.
 Terminus 200
 3333 Piedmont Road
 NE.
 Suite 2500
 Atlanta
 GA 30305)
 and if to Tyson
Tyson Foods
Springdale
.  This Agreement contains all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and no other agreements
 oral or otherwise
 regarding the subject matter of this Agreement shall be deemed to exist or bind either of the parties hereto
&#32;This Agreement shall be binding upon you
 your heirs
 executors and personal representatives and upon Tyson
 its successors and assigns.  You acknowledge that the services to be rendered by you are unique and personal.  Except by your will
 or by operation of the laws of intestate succession
 you may not assign
 transfer or pledge your rights or delegate your duties or obligations under this Agreement
 in whole or in part
 without first obtaining the written consent of the Tyson&#8217;s General Counsel or Chief Human Resources Officer.  This Agreement may not be assigned by Tyson without your consent; provided that Tyson may assign this Agreement to any successor (whether by merger
 purchase or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the stock
 assets or business of Tyson provided that no such permitted assignment by Tyson shall relieve Tyson from any direct continuing and primary liability or responsibility owed to you from or in connection with any such assignee&#8217;s breach
to the validity
 interpretation
 performance and enforcement of this Agreement being governed by the internal laws of said State of Arkansas
.  The courts of Washington County
 Arkansas shall have exclusive jurisdiction and be the venue of all disputes between Tyson and you
 whether such disputes arise from this Agreement or otherwise.  In addition
 you expressly waive any right that you may have to sue or be sued in the county of your residence and consent to venue in Washington County
.  All payments provided under this Agreement
 other than payments made pursuant to a plan which provides otherwise
 shall be paid from the general funds of Tyson
 and no special or separate fund shall be established
 and no other segregation of assets made
 to assure payment.  You shall have no right
 title or interest whatever in or to any investments which Tyson may make to aid Tyson in meeting its obligations hereunder.  To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from Tyson hereunder
.  In addition to all other rights of indemnification to which you are entitled under any constituent or governing documents of Tyson or any policy of insurance maintained by Tyson for the benefit of its shareholders
 officers
 directors
 employees
 agents
 contractors or other representatives
 you will continue to be indemnified by Tyson pursuant to each of (i) that certain Indemnity Agreement between you and Tyson dated May 9
 1997 and (ii) that certain Indemnity Agreement between you and Tyson dated September 28
 2007.  You will additionally receive all rights of indemnification and related benefits consistent with and on terms no less favorable than those extended by Tyson to any other former
 then current
 or future officer
 director or fiduciary of Tyson including without limit
 coverage under any errors and omissions
.  If either you or Tyson violates any of the terms of this Agreement
 such violating party will indemnify the other for the expenses
 including but not limited to reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
.  Tyson shall provide for the withholding of any taxes required to be withheld by federal
.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the total payments to be paid to you under this Agreement
 along with any other payments to you by Tyson
 would result in you being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (commonly referred to as the &#8220;Golden Parachute Tax&#8221;)
 Tyson shall reduce the aggregate payments to the largest amount which can be paid to you without triggering the excise tax
 but only if and to the extent that such reduction would result in you retaining larger aggregate after-tax payments.  The determination of the excise tax and the aggregate after-tax payments to be received by you will be made by Tyson.  If payments are to be reduced
.  In the event that the termination of your employment does not constitute a &#8220;separation from service&#8221; as defined in Code Section 409A
issued pursuant thereto
 your rights to the payments and benefits described in Section 4 will vest upon the Termination Date
 but only if and to the extent required to avoid a violation of Code Section 409A
 no payment to you that is subject to Code Section 409A will be paid until you incur a separation from service (or until six (6) months after such date if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; pursuant to subsection (d) of this Section)
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if you are a &#8220;specified employee&#8221; as defined and applied in Code Section 409A as of your Termination Date
 then
 to the extent any payment under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy constitutes deferred compensation (after taking into account any applicable exemptions from Code Section 409A
 including those specified in subsection (f) of this Section) and to the extent required by Code Section 409A
 no payments due under this Agreement or any Tyson plan or policy may be made until the earlier of:  (i) the first (1st) day following the six (6) month anniversary of your Termination Date and (ii) your date of death; provided
 however
.  For purposes of Code Section 409A
 each &#8220;payment&#8221; (as defined by Code Section 409A) made under this Agreement will be considered a &#8220;separate payment.&#8221;  In addition
 for purposes of Code Section 409A
 each such payment will be deemed exempt from Code Section 409A to the fullest extent possible under (i) the &#8220;short-term deferral&#8221; exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-1 (b)(4)
 and (ii) with respect to any additional amounts paid no later than the second (2nd) calendar year following the calendar year containing your Termination Date
 the &#8220;involuntary separation&#8221; pay exemption of Treasury Regulation &#167; 1.409A-l (b)(9)(iii)
.  Any amounts that are not exempt from Code Section 409A under paragraph (f) above
 and which are paid subject to your execution of a Release that provides for a consideration period and revocation period that crosses two calendar years
 shall be paid on the first payroll date in the second calendar year that occurs on or after the expiration of the revocation period
.  To the maximum extent permitted by law
 this Agreement will be interpreted and administered in such a manner that the payments to you are either exempt from
 or comply with
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETELY READ THE ABOVE
 HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY
 AND HAVE BEEN FURTHER ADVISED TO REVIEW IT WITH LEGAL COUNSEL OF YOUR CHOOSING BEFORE SIGNING.  YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY
 AND WITHOUT DURESS
 COERCION
&#32;&#32;Nov. 9
Tyson Foods
 Inc.














		


2
2
1
1
1
2
2
2
1
1
470














		


AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
AdvancePierre Foods
Aidells Sausage Company
Allied Specialty Foods
Artisan Bread Co.
Bryan Foods
C.V. Holdings
Central Industries
Cobb (Shanghai) Enterprise Management Consulting Co.
Cobb-Heritage
Cobb-Vantress Brasil
Cobb-Vantress Philippines
Tanay
Cobb-Vantress
DFG Foods
DFG Foods
Flavor Holdings
Foodbrands America
Foodbrands Supply Chain Services
Gallo Salame
Global Employment Services
Golden Island Jerky Company
Haimen Tyson Poultry Development Co.
Healthy Frozen Food
Hubei Tongxing Cobb Breeding Company
Hudson Midwest Foods
IBP Caribbean
IBP Foodservice
Jiangsu Tyson Foods Co.
Madison Foods
National Comp Care
New Canada Holdings
Oaklawn Sales
PBX
Pierre Holdco
Rizhao Tyson Foods Co.
Rizhao Tyson Poultry Co.
Rural Energy Systems
Sara Lee Diversified
Sara Lee Foods
Sara Lee Mexicana Holdings Investment
Sara Lee-Kiwi Holdings
Saramar
Southern Family Foods
Southwest Products
Texas Transfer
The Pork Group
Tyson Breeders
Tyson Chicken
Tyson Deli
Tyson Farms
Tyson Foods East China Development Co.
Tyson Fresh Meats
Tyson Hog Markets
Tyson International Company
Tyson International Service Center
Tyson International Service Center
Tyson International Service Center
Tyson Mexican Original
Tyson New Ventures
Tyson of Wisconsin
Tyson Pet Products
Tyson Poultry
Tyson Prepared Foods
Tyson Processing Services
Tyson Refrigerated Processed Meats
Tyson Sales and Distribution
Tyson Shared Services
Tyson Warehousing Services
WBA Analytical Laboratories
Wilton Foods
Zemco Industries
 Inc.














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-186797
 333-115380
 333-115379 and 333-115378) and Form S-3 (No. 333-217775) of Tyson Foods
 Inc. of our report dated November 13
 2017 relating to the financial statements
and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
Fayetteville
November 13
 2017














		


I
 Thomas P. Hayes
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tyson Foods
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
b) designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
b) any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: November 13
 2017














		


I
 Dennis Leatherby
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tyson Foods
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
b) designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
5. The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
b) any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: November 13
 2017








 AS






		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Tyson Foods
September&#160;30
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 Thomas P. Hayes
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;13
 2017








 AS






		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of Tyson Foods
September&#160;30
 2017
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 I
 Dennis Leatherby
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;13
 2017


















			


			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			



		




				


				




		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 Inc. (AdvancePierre) as part of our strategy to sustainably feed the world with the fastest growing portfolio of protein-packed brands. The purchase price was equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share for AdvancePierre's outstanding common stock
 or approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.2 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We funded the acquisition with existing cash on hand
 net proceeds from the issuance of new senior notes and a new term loan facility
 as well as borrowings under our commercial paper program (refer to Note 7: Debt). AdvancePierre's results from operations subsequent to the acquisition closing are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Certain estimated values for the acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 property
 plant and equipment
 and deferred income taxes
 are not yet finalized and are subject to revision as additional information becomes available and more detailed analyses are completed. The purchase price was allocated based on information available at acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded measurement period adjustments which increased goodwill by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$60 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 primarily related to updated valuations for intangible assets and deferred income taxes based on additional information regarding assets and liabilities assumed. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:81%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax receivable agreement (TRA) due to former shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-Term Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of identifiable intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:31%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:20%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:28%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible Asset Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Type&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Life in Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brands &amp;amp; Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted Average of 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer Relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted Average of 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of the acquisition
 we recognized a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
982 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goodwill. The purchase price was assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the table above. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities. The allocation of goodwill to our reporting units is pending finalization of the expected synergies and the impact of the synergies to our reporting units. Of the goodwill acquired
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$163 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to previous AdvancePierre acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We used various valuation techniques to determine fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis
 relief-from-royalty
 and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The acquisition of AdvancePierre was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 and consequently
 the results of operations for AdvancePierre are reported in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. AdvancePierre's results from the date of acquisition
 which included a net increase &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$508 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of Sales
 were insignificant to the overall Consolidated Statements of Income.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition of AdvancePierre had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2016. AdvancePierre's pre-acquisition results have been added to our historical results. The pro forma results contained in the table below include adjustments for amortization of acquired intangibles
 depreciation expense
 interest expense related to the financing and related income taxes. Any potential cost savings or other operational efficiencies that could result from the acquisition are not included in these pro forma results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The 2016 pro forma results include transaction related expenses incurred by AdvancePierre prior to the acquisition of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$84 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including items such as consultant fees
 accelerated stock compensation and other deal costs; transaction related expenses incurred by the Company of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including fees paid to third parties
 financing costs and other deal costs; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of expense related to the fair value inventory adjustment at the date of acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
 nor is it necessarily an indication of future operating results. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:76%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&amp;#160;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pro forma sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pro forma net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pro forma net income per diluted share attributable to Tyson &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On November 10
 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding shares of a valued-added protein business for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$225 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subject to certain adjustments
 which will be included in our Prepared Foods and Chicken segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Dispositions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On April 24
 2017
 we announced our intent to sell &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; non-protein businesses as part of our strategic focus on protein-packed brands.&amp;#160;These businesses
 which are all part of our Prepared Foods segment
 include Sara Lee&amp;#174; Frozen Bakery
 Kettle and Van&amp;#8217;s&amp;#174; and produce items such as frozen desserts
 waffles
 snack bars
 and soups
 sauces and sides.&amp;#160;The sale is also expected to include the Chef Pierre&amp;#174;
 Bistro Collection&amp;#174;
 Kettle Collection&amp;#8482;
 and Van&amp;#8217;s&amp;#174; brands
 a license to use the Sara Lee&amp;#174; brand in various channels
 as well as our Tarboro
 North Carolina
 Fort Worth
 Texas
 and Traverse City
 Michigan
 prepared foods facilities. We have reclassified the assets and liabilities related to these businesses to assets and liabilities held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 related to one of these businesses due to a revised estimate of the business&amp;#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&amp;#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
 and consisted of goodwill and intangible assets previously classified within assets held for sale. In October 2017
 we executed a definitive asset purchase agreement to sell our Kettle operation for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$125 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 subject to certain contingencies including regulatory approval. We anticipate we will close the Kettle and remaining transactions by the end of calendar 2017
 or early calendar 2018
 and expect to record a net pretax gain as a result of the sale of these businesses. The Company concluded the businesses were not significant disposal groups and did not represent a strategic shift
 and therefore were not classified as discontinued operations for any of the periods presented. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the net assets and liabilities held for sale: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:83%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets held for sale:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible Assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total assets held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities held for sale:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total liabilities held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2014
 we announced our plan to sell our Brazil and Mexico operations
 which are included in Other for segment reporting
 to JBS SA for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$575 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash less debt and other adjustments. We completed the sale of the Brazil operation in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 and received net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$148 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; including working capital
 net debt adjustments and cash transferred. The sale did not result in a significant gain or loss as the carrying value of the Brazil operation approximated the sales proceeds at the time of sale. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We completed the sale of the Mexico operation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and received net proceeds of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$374 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; including working capital
 net debt adjustments and cash transferred. As a result of the sale
 we recorded a pretax gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$161 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which was reflected in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We utilized the net proceeds to retire the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; senior notes due September 2015. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa plant. As a result
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in closure and impairment charges during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. These charges impacted the Beef segment&amp;#8217;s operating income and were reflected in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$59 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&amp;#8217;s operating income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$49 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Cost of Sales and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative. As a result of this project
 we sold our Chicago
 Illinois
 hospitality plant in June 2016 and closed our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
 plant in July 2016. The sale of our Chicago
 Illinois
 plant and closure of our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
 plant did not have a significant impact on the Company's operating results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 as part of our ongoing efforts to increase efficiencies in our Chicken business
 we closed our Buena Vista
 Georgia

	

 based on the relative fair value of the respective components of each TEU
 were as follows:   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions
 except price per TEU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity Component&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt Component&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Price per TEU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Issuance cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives
 which include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 and volume-based incentives. Marketing and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other marketing and promotional activities are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expenses: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expense is charged to operations in the period incurred and is recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. Advertising expense totaled $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;238 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$238 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$181 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1


 nor is it necessarily an indication of future operating results. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:76%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&amp;#160;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pro forma sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pro forma net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
 may result in negative book cash balances. These negative book cash balances are included in accounts payable and other current liabilities. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$237 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$261 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 net of amounts capitalized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes


 properties and certain farms for which total rentals approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$186 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$172 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$165 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Most leases have initial terms of up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 some with varying renewal periods. The most significant obligations assumed under the terms of the leases are the upkeep of the facilities and payments of insurance and property taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Minimum lease commitments under non-cancelable leases at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:86%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023 and beyond&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We guarantee obligations of certain outside third parties
 consisting primarily of leases
 debt and grower loans
 which are substantially collateralized by the underlying assets. Terms of the underlying debt cover periods up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years
 and the maximum potential amount of future payments as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$28 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We also maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of the underlying leased assets at the end of the term of the lease. The remaining terms of the lease maturities cover periods over the next &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. The maximum potential amount of the residual value guarantees is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$109 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$100 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; could be recoverable through various recourse provisions and an additional undeterminable recoverable amount based on the fair value of the underlying leased assets. The likelihood of material payments under these guarantees is not considered probable. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 no material liabilities for guarantees were recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have cash flow assistance programs in which certain livestock suppliers participate. Under these programs
 we pay an amount for livestock equivalent to a standard cost to grow such livestock during periods of low market sales prices. The amounts of such payments that are in excess of the market sales price are recorded as receivables and accrue interest. Participating suppliers are obligated to repay these receivables balances when market sales prices exceed this standard cost
 or upon termination of the agreement. Our potential maximum obligation associated with these programs is limited to the fair value of each participating livestock supplier&amp;#8217;s net tangible assets. The potential maximum obligation as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$380 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. There were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; receivables under these programs at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of receivables under this program at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. This receivable is included
 net of allowance for uncollectible amounts
 in Accounts Receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Even though these programs are limited to the net tangible assets of the participating livestock suppliers
 we also manage a portion of our credit risk associated with these programs by obtaining security interests in livestock suppliers&amp;#8217; assets. After analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; allowance for these programs' estimated uncollectible receivables at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;When constructing new facilities or making major enhancements to existing facilities
 we will occasionally enter into incentive agreements with local government agencies in order to reduce certain state and local tax expenditures. Under these agreements
 we transfer the related assets to various local government entities and receive Industrial Revenue Bonds. We immediately lease the facilities from the local government entities and have an option to re-purchase the facilities for a nominal amount upon tendering the Industrial Revenue Bonds to the local government entities at various predetermined dates. The Industrial Revenue Bonds and the associated obligations for the leases of the facilities offset
 and the underlying assets remain in property
 plant and equipment. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 total amounts under these types of arrangements totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$505 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additionally
 we enter into future purchase commitments for various items
 such as grains
 livestock contracts and fixed grower fees. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 these commitments totaled:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023 and beyond&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Contingencies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We routinely assess the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to those matters
 as well as ranges of probable losses
 to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. We record accruals for such matters to the extent that we conclude a loss is probable and the financial impact
 should an adverse outcome occur
 is reasonably estimable. Such accruals are reflected in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements. In our opinion
 we have made appropriate and adequate accruals for these matters and believe the probability of a material loss beyond the amounts accrued to be remote; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if accruals are not adequate
 an adverse outcome could have a material effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations. Listed below are certain claims made against the Company and/or our subsidiaries for which the potential exposure is considered material to the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements. We believe we have substantial defenses to the claims made and intend to vigorously defend these matters.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Below are the details of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;six&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; lawsuits involving our beef
 pork and prepared foods plants in which certain present and past employees allege that we failed to compensate them for the time it takes to engage in pre- and post-shift activities
 such as changing into and out of protective and sanitary clothing and walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act and various state laws. The plaintiffs seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 attorneys&amp;#8217; fees and costs. Each case is proceeding in its jurisdiction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Bouaphakeo (f/k/a Sharp)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 N.D. Iowa
 February 6
 2007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - A jury trial was held involving our Storm Lake
 Iowa pork plant which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs for violations of federal and state laws for pre- and post-shift work activities. The trial court also awarded the plaintiffs liquidated damages
 resulting in total damages awarded in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5
784
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The plaintiffs' counsel has also filed an application for attorneys' fees and expenses in the amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
692
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We appealed the jury's verdict and trial court's award to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The appellate court affirmed the jury verdict and judgment on August 25
 2014
 and we filed a petition for rehearing on September 22
 2014
 which was denied. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court
 which was granted on June 8
 2015
 and oral arguments before the Supreme Court occurred on November 10
 2015. On March 22
 2016
 the Supreme Court affirmed the appellate court&amp;#8217;s rulings and remanded to the trial court to allocate the lump sum award among the class participants. On remand
 the trial court determined that the lump sum award should be allocated to class participants according to the method prescribed by plaintiffs&amp;#8217; expert at trial. The trial court has yet to enter a judgment. Subsequently
 a joint notice advising the court of a global settlement of this case
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Edwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; matter (described below)
 and the consolidated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Murray&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;DeVoss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; matter (also described below) was filed. The parties agreed to settle all three matters for a total payment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 inclusive of wages
 penalties
 interest
 attorneys&amp;#8217; fees and costs
 and costs of settlement administration. The trial court held an approval hearing on October 11
 2017 and we are awaiting the court&amp;#8217;s decision.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Edwards
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 March 20
 2008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - The trial court in this case
 which involves our Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa pork plants
 decertified the state law class and granted other pre-trial motions that resulted in a judgment in our favor with respect to the plaintiffs&amp;#8217; claims. The plaintiffs have filed a motion to modify this judgment. A joint motion for preliminary approval of the collective and class action settlement was filed on July 7
 2017. Please see the above &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Bouaphakeo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; description for additional details of a global settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Murray
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 C.D. Illinois
 January 2
 2008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;DeVoss v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a. Tyson Fresh Meats
 C.D. Illinois
 March 2
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - These cases involve our Joslin
 Illinois beef plant and are in their preliminary stages. A joint notice of settlement and a request to stay the proceedings was filed with and granted by the court on June 28
 2017. Please see the above &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Bouaphakeo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; description for additional details of a global settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Dozier
 Southerland
 et al. v. The Hillshire Brands Company
 E.D. North Carolina
 September 2
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - This case involves our Tarboro
 North Carolina prepared foods plant. On March 25
 2016
 the parties filed a joint motion for settlement totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$425
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 which includes all of the plaintiffs&amp;#8217; attorneys&amp;#8217; fees and costs. The court preliminarily approved the joint motion for settlement
 and the final approval hearing is set for December 5
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Hillshire Brands Company was named as a defendant in an asbestos exposure case filed by Mark Lopez in May 2014 in the Superior Court of Alameda County
 California. Mr. Lopez was diagnosed with mesothelioma in January 2014 and is now deceased. Mr. Lopez&amp;#8217;s family members asserted negligence
 premises liability and strict liability claims related to Mr. Lopez&amp;#8217;s alleged asbestos exposure from 1954-1986 from the Union Sugar plant in Betteravia
 California. The plant
 which was sold in 1986
 was owned by entities that were predecessors-in-interest to The Hillshire Brands Company. In August 2017
 the jury returned a verdict of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in favor of the plaintiffs
 and a judgment was entered. We intend to appeal the judgment. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On September 2
 2016
 Maplevale Farms
 Inc.
 acting on behalf of itself and a putative class of direct purchasers of poultry products
 filed a class action complaint against us and certain of our poultry subsidiaries
 as well as several other poultry processing companies
 in the Northern District of Illinois. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims on behalf of putative classes of direct and indirect purchasers were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The court consolidated the complaints
 for pre-trial purposes
 into actions on behalf of three different putative classes: direct purchasers
 indirect purchasers/consumers and commercial/institutional indirect purchasers. These three actions are styled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Several amended and consolidated complaints have been filed on behalf of each putative class. The currently operative complaints allege
 among other things
 that beginning in January 2008 the defendants conspired and combined to fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens in violation of United States antitrust laws. The complaints on behalf of the putative classes of indirect purchasers also include causes of action under various state unfair competition laws
 consumer protection laws
 and unjust enrichment common laws. The complaints also allege that defendants &amp;#8220;manipulated and artificially inflated a widely used Broiler price index
 the Georgia Dock.&amp;#8221; It is further alleged that the defendants concealed this conduct from the plaintiffs and the members of the putative classes. The plaintiffs are seeking treble damages
 injunctive relief
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
 and attorneys&amp;#8217; fees on behalf of the putative classes. We filed motions to dismiss these complaints; the court has yet to rule on our motions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On October 17
 2016
 William Huser
 acting on behalf of himself and a putative class of persons who purchased shares of Tyson Foods' stock between November 23
 2015
 and October 7
 2016
 filed a class action complaint against Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Donnie Smith and Dennis Leatherby in the Central District of California. The complaint alleged
 among other things
 that our periodic filings contained materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose that the Company has colluded with other producers to manipulate the supply of broiler chickens in order to keep supply artificially low
 as alleged in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims were filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York
 the Western District of Arkansas
 and the Southern District of Ohio. Each of those cases have now been transferred to the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas and consolidated
 and lead plaintiffs have been appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on March 22
 2017
 (which also named additional individual defendants). The consolidated complaint seeks damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
 and attorneys&amp;#8217; fees. We filed a motion to dismiss this complaint
 which the court granted on July 26
 2017. The plaintiffs filed a motion to amend or alter the judgment and to submit an amended complaint. That motion is pending.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On January 20
 2017
 the Company received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) in connection with an investigation related to the Company. On August 23
 2017
 we received written notification that the SEC staff had concluded the investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Company based on the information available to the agency as of that date. Based upon the information we have
 we believe the investigation was based upon the allegations in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On March 1
 2017
 we received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. The CID requests information primarily related to possible anticompetitive conduct in connection with the Georgia Dock
 a chicken products pricing index formerly published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture. We are cooperating with the Attorney General&amp;#8217;s office.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our subsidiary
 The Hillshire Brands Company (formerly named Sara Lee Corporation)
 is a party to a consolidation of cases filed by individual complainants with the Republic of the Philippines
 Department of Labor and Employment and the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC) from 1998 through July 1999. The complaint is filed against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation
 Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc.
 Fashion Accessories Philippines
 Inc.
 and Attorney Cesar C. Cruz (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;respondents&amp;#8221;). The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that the respondents engaged in unfair labor practices in connection with the termination of manufacturing operations in the Philippines by Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 a former subsidiary of The Hillshire Brands Company. In 2006
 a labor arbiter ruled against the respondents and awarded the complainants PHP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
453
664
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (approximately US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;) in damages and fees. The respondents appealed the labor arbiter's ruling
 and it was subsequently set aside by the NLRC in December 2006. Subsequent to the NLRC&amp;#8217;s decision
 the parties filed numerous appeals
 motions for reconsideration and petitions for review
 certain of which remained outstanding for several years. While various of those appeals
 motions and/or petitions were pending
 The Hillshire Brands Company
 on June 23
 2014
 without admitting liability
 filed a settlement motion requesting that the Supreme Court of the Philippines order dismissal with prejudice of all claims against it and certain other respondents in exchange for payments allocated by the court among the complainants in an amount not to exceed PHP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;342
287
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (approximately US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;). Based in part on its finding that the consideration to be paid to the complainants as part of such settlement was insufficient
 the Supreme Court of the Philippines denied the respondents&amp;#8217; settlement motion and all motions for reconsideration thereof. The Supreme Court of the Philippines also set aside as premature the NLRC&amp;#8217;s December 2006 ruling. As a result
 the cases are now back before the NLRC
 which will once again rule on the respondents&amp;#8217; appeals regarding the labor arbiter&amp;#8217;s 2006 ruling in favor of the complainants. In the meantime
 the respondents reached a settlement with a group comprising approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the class of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; complainants
 pursuant to which The Hillshire Brands Company would pay each settling complainant PHP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (approximately US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;). The settlement payment was made on December 21
 2016
 to the NLRC
 which is responsible for distributing the funds to each settling complainant. On December 27
 2016
 the respondents filed motions for reconsideration with the NLRC asking that the award be set aside. The NLRC denied respondents' motions for reconsideration in a resolution received on May 5
 2017
 and entered a judgment on the award on July 24
 2017. Previously
 from May 10
 2017 to May 12
 2017
 Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines each filed petitions for certiorari with requests for an immediate temporary restraining order and a writ of permanent injunction with the Philippines Court of Appeals. On August 18
 2017
 the Court of Appeals granted a temporary restraining order precluding execution of the NLRC judgment against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc. The temporary restraining order will expire on November 21
 2017 unless further extended by a preliminary injunction. We have recorded an accrual for this matter for the amount of loss that
 at this time
 we deem probable and enforceable. This accrual is reflected in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements and reflects an amount significantly less than the amount awarded by the labor arbiter in 2004 (i.e.
 PHP&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
453
664
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (approximately US&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)). The ultimate enforceable loss is uncertain
 and if our accrual is not adequate


 net of taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized net hedging loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized net gain on investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Postretirement benefits reserve adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The before and after tax changes in the components of other comprehensive income (loss) are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.81481481481481%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=31 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Before Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;After Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Before Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;After Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Before Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;After Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(Gain) loss reclassified to cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized gain (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;(Gain) loss reclassified to other income/expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized gain (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Currency translation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Translation loss reclassified to cost of sales (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Postretirement benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:4px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a) Translation loss reclassified to Cost of Sales related to disposition of a foreign operation


 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Revolving credit facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commercial Paper&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Senior notes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.00% Notes due May 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due May 2019 (2019 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.77% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.65% Notes due August 2019 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due June 2020 (June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.87% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due August 2020 (August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.76% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.10% Notes due September 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.25% Notes due August 2021 (2021 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.50% Senior notes due June 2022 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.95% Notes due August 2024 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.55% Notes due June 2027 (2027 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.00% Notes due January 2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.13% Notes due November 2032 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.88% Notes due August 2034 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.15% Notes due August 2044 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.55% Notes due June 2047 (2047 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount on senior notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tranche B due August 2019 (2.75% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tranche B due August 2020 (2.05% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizing Notes - Tangible Equity Units (see Note 8: Equity)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Annual maturities of debt for the five fiscal years subsequent to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$906 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
737 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
537 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$511 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; - &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
007 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2017
 we amended our existing credit facility which
 among other things
 increased our line of credit from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.25 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.50 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The facility supports short-term funding needs and letters of credit and will mature and the commitments thereunder will terminate in May 2022. Amounts available for borrowing under this facility totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
492 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of outstanding letters of credit. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 none of which were drawn upon. We had an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$85 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of bilateral letters of credit issued separately from the revolving credit facility
 none of which were drawn upon. Our letters of credit are issued primarily in support of leasing obligations and workers&amp;#8217; compensation insurance programs. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If in the future any of our subsidiaries shall guarantee any of our material indebtedness
 such subsidiary shall be required to guarantee the indebtedness
 obligations and liabilities under this facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes / 2021 Notes &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On August 21
 2017
 we issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$900 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$400 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due August 2020 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due August 2021. We used the net proceeds from the issuance to repay amounts outstanding under our Term Loan Tranche due June 2020.&amp;#160;The August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes carry an interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-month LIBOR&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.45%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the 2021 Notes carry a fixed interest rate at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Interest payments on the August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly on February 21
 May 21
 August 21 and November 21. Interest payments on the 2021 Notes are due semi-annually on February 23 and August 23. After the original issue discounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we received net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$899 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In addition
 we incurred debt issuance costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to this issuance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;2019 Floating-Rate / June 2020 Floating-Rate / 2027 / 2047 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
 we issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
750 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$300 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due May 2019
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$350 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due June 2020
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
350 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due June 2027
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$750 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due June 2047. The 2019 Floating-Rate Notes
 June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes
 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes carry interest rates of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-month LIBOR&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.45%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-month LIBOR&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Interest payments on the 2019 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly February 28
 May 30
 August 30
 and November 30. Interest payments on the June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly March 2
 June 2
 September 2
 and December 2. Interest payments on the 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes are due semi-annually on June 2 and December 2. After the original issue discounts of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we received net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
743 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In addition
 we incurred debt issuance costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to this issuance. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Term Loan Tranche B due August 2020 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On August 18
 2017
 we amended our existing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Term Loan Tranche B which extended the maturity of the loan from April 2019 to August 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Term Loan Tranche due June 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
 we borrowed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
800 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; under an unsecured term loan facility
 which is due June 2020. The facility amortized at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per quarter and interest reset based on the selected LIBOR interest period plus &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We incurred debt issuance costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to this borrowing. In fiscal 2017
 we repaid the full amount of the loan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;AdvancePierre's Debt Extinguishment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2017
 in connection with our AdvancePierre acquisition
 we assumed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
119 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of AdvancePierre's gross debt
 which had an estimated fair value of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
181 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of the acquisition date. We recorded the assumed debt at fair value and used the funds borrowed under our new senior notes and term loan to extinguish &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
146 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total outstanding balance. Additionally
 we assumed a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$223 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; TRA liability due to AdvancePierre's former shareholders. The assumed debt and TRA liability were non-cash investing activities.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Commercial Paper Program&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2017
 we initiated a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured short-term promissory notes (commercial paper) up to an aggregate maximum principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$800 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We used the net proceeds from the commercial paper program as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition and for general corporate purposes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$778 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of commercial paper outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.37%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; with maturities of less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; days&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;color:#1f497d;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Debt Covenants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
 we are required to maintain minimum interest expense coverage and maximum debt-to-capitalization ratios.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
 mergers and sales of assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We were in compliance with all debt covenants at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30


 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage a portion of these risks through the use of derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk
 foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. Our risk management programs are periodically reviewed by our Board of Directors' Audit Committee. These programs are monitored by senior management and may be revised as market conditions dictate. Our current risk management programs utilize industry-standard models that take into account the implicit cost of hedging. Risks associated with our market risks and those created by derivative instruments and the fair values are strictly monitored
 using value-at-risk and stress tests. Credit risks associated with our derivative contracts are not significant as we minimize counterparty concentrations
 utilize margin accounts or letters of credit
 and deal with credit-worthy counterparties. Additionally
 our derivative contracts are mostly short-term in duration and we generally do not make use of credit-risk-related contingent features. No significant concentrations of credit risk existed at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We had the following aggregated outstanding notional amounts related to our derivative financial instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:32%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:28%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions
 except soy meal tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soy Meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;475
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;389
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live Cattle&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean Hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign Currency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United&amp;#160;States dollar&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with the exception of normal purchases and normal sales expected to result in physical delivery. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 we designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged (i.e.
 cash flow hedge or fair value hedge). We designate certain forward contracts as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash Flow Hedges &amp;#8211; include certain commodity forward and option contracts of forecasted purchases (i.e.
 grains) and certain foreign exchange forward contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:42px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair Value Hedges &amp;#8211; include certain commodity forward contracts of firm commitments (i.e.
 livestock).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Cash flow hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative instruments are designated as hedges against changes in the amount of future cash flows related to procurement of certain commodities utilized in our production processes. For the derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a cash flow hedge
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (OCI) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in earnings in the current period. Ineffectiveness related to our cash flow hedges was not significant during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the net amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months are pretax losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. During fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we did not reclassify significant pretax gains/losses into earnings as a result of the discontinuance of cash flow hedges. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth the pretax impact of cash flow hedge derivative instruments in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=26 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:33%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:19%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recognized&amp;#160;in&amp;#160;OCI&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;on Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Statements&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Classification&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclassified from&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;OCI to Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash Flow Hedge &amp;#8211; Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Income/Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Fair value hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We designate certain derivative contracts as fair value hedges of firm commitments to purchase live cattle for harvesting or feeder cattle for growout production. Our objective of these hedges is to minimize the risk of changes in fair value created by fluctuations in commodity prices associated with fixed price livestock firm commitments. For these derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a fair value hedge
 the gain or loss on the derivative
 as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk
 are recognized in earnings in the same period. We include the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e.
 livestock purchase firm commitments) in the same line item
 Cost of Sales
 as the offsetting gain or loss on the related livestock forward position. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:22%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Statements&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Classification&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain (Loss) on forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain (Loss)&amp;#160;on&amp;#160;purchase&amp;#160;contract&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Ineffectiveness related to our fair value hedges was not significant during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Undesignated positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to our designated positions
 we also hold derivative contracts for which we do not apply hedge accounting. These include certain derivative instruments related to commodities price risk
 including grains
 livestock


 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&amp;#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales


 Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan) was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
094
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shareholders approved the Incentive Plan in January 2001. The Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board of Directors (Compensation Committee). The Incentive Plan includes provisions for granting incentive stock options for shares of Class&amp;#160;A stock at a price not less than the fair value at the date of grant. Nonqualified stock options may be granted at a price equal to or more than the fair value of Class&amp;#160;A stock on the date the option is granted. Stock options under the Incentive Plan generally become exercisable ratably over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from the date of grant and must be exercised within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from the date of grant. Our policy is to recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:14%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&amp;#160;Under&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Price&amp;#160;Per&amp;#160;Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual&amp;#160;Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Outstanding
 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
191
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
172
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(87
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
615
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Outstanding
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
547
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
152
777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We generally grant stock options once a year. The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The fair value of each option grant is established on the date of grant using a binomial lattice method. We use historical volatility for a period of time comparable to the expected life of the option to determine volatility assumptions. Expected life is calculated based on the contractual term of each grant and takes into account the historical exercise and termination behavior of participants. Risk-free interest rates are based on the five-year Treasury bond rate. Assumptions as of the grant date used in the fair value calculation of each year&amp;#8217;s grants are outlined in the following table.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:12%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3% - 1.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2% - 2.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options
 net of income taxes
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$27 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$14 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; options vest in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$47 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$38 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$32 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we received cash of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$154 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$128 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$84 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 for the exercise of stock options. Shares are issued from treasury for stock option exercises. The related tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$65 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$164 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$204 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$79 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Cash flows resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost of those options (excess tax deductions) are classified as financing cash flows. We realized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$42 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$58 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$19 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to excess tax deductions during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option plans that will be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Restricted Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We issue restricted stock at the market value as of the date of grant
 with restrictions expiring over periods through fiscal 2019. Unearned compensation is recognized over the vesting period for the particular grant using a straight-line method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:14%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Grant-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Nonvested
 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
602
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;734
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(506
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(141
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonvested
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
715
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$38 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards that will be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock
 net of income taxes
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$14 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; restricted stock awards vest in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$19 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Performance-Based Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We award performance-based shares of our Class A stock to certain employees. These awards are typically granted once a year. Performance-based shares vest based upon the passage of time and the achievement of performance or market performance criteria
 ranging from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as determined by the Compensation Committee prior to the date of the award. Vesting periods for these awards are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We review progress toward the attainment of the performance criteria each quarter during the vesting period. When it is probable the minimum performance criteria for an award will be achieved
 we begin recognizing the expense equal to the proportionate share of the total fair value of the Class A stock price on the grant date. The total expense recognized over the duration of performance awards will equal the Class&amp;#160;A stock price on the date of grant multiplied by the number of shares ultimately awarded based on the level of attainment of the performance criteria. For grants with market performance criteria
 the fair value is determined on the grant date and is calculated using the same inputs for expected volatility
 expected dividend yield
 and risk-free rate as stock options
 noted above
 with a duration of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The total expense recognized over the duration of the award will equal the fair value
 regardless if the market performance criteria is met.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the performance-based shares at the maximum award amounts based upon the respective performance share agreements. Actual shares that will vest depend on the level of attainment of the performance-based criteria. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:35%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:14%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Grant-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Date&amp;#160;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted&amp;#160;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Aggregate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intrinsic&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonvested
 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
147
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;965
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(389
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(565
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonvested
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
157
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to performance shares
 net of income taxes
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets held for sale:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible Assets


&amp;#160;except&amp;#160;per&amp;#160;share&amp;#160;data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less dividends declared:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Denominator for basic earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B weighted average shares
 and shares under if-converted method for diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Stock options and restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tangible Equity Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Denominator for diluted earnings per share &amp;#8211; adjusted weighted average shares and assumed conversions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Income Per Share Attributable to Tyson:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our stock-based compensation shares were antidilutive for fiscal 2017. We had no stock-based compensation shares that were antidilutive for fiscal 2016 and approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our stock-based compensation shares that were antidilutive for fiscal 2015. These shares were not included in the dilutive earnings per share calculation. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; classes of capital stock
 Class&amp;#160;A stock and Class B stock. Cash dividends cannot be paid to holders of Class B stock unless they are simultaneously paid to holders of Class&amp;#160;A stock. The per share amount of cash dividends paid to holders of Class B stock cannot exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the cash dividends paid to holders of Class&amp;#160;A stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We allocate undistributed earnings based upon a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; ratio per share to Class&amp;#160;A stock and Class B stock
 respectively. We allocate undistributed earnings based on this ratio due to historical dividend patterns


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1


 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 either directly or indirectly

 the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 including the consideration of inputs specific to the asset or liability. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy our financial assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis according to the valuation techniques we used to determine their fair values:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:41%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Netting&amp;#160;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Compensation Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Netting&amp;#160;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Compensation Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis when a legally enforceable master netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and us. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of cash collateral posted with various counterparties where master netting arrangements exist and held no cash collateral.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table provides a reconciliation between the beginning and ending balance of debt securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the table above that used significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:65%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total realized and unrealized gains (losses):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Issuances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total gains (losses) for the periods included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets and liabilities still held at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Derivative Assets and Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Our derivative financial instruments primarily include exchange-traded and over-the-counter contracts which are further described in Note 12: Derivative Financial Instruments. We record our derivative financial instruments at fair value using quoted market prices adjusted for credit and non-performance risk and internal models that use as their basis readily observable market inputs including current and forward market prices. We classify these instruments in Level 2 when quoted market prices can be corroborated utilizing observable current and forward commodity market prices on active exchanges or observable market transactions.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Our investments in marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value based on pricing models and quoted market prices adjusted for credit and non-performance risk. Short-term investments with maturities of less than 12 months are included in Other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and primarily include certificates of deposit and commercial paper. All other marketable debt securities are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and have maturities ranging up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. We classify our investments in United States government
 United States agency
 certificates of deposit and commercial paper debt securities as Level 2 as fair value is generally estimated using discounted cash flow models that are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including time value and yield curve as well as other readily available relevant economic measures. We classify certain corporate
 asset-backed and other debt securities as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. Significant changes to assumptions or unobservable inputs in the valuation of our Level 3 instruments would not have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:39%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain/(Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gain/(Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;United States Treasury and Agency&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate and Asset-Backed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:4px;text-align:left;padding-left:33px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrealized holding gains (losses)
 net of tax
 are excluded from earnings and reported in OCI until the security is settled or sold. On a quarterly basis
 we evaluate whether losses related to our available-for-sale securities are temporary in nature. Losses on equity securities are recognized in earnings if the decline in value is judged to be other than temporary. If losses related to our debt securities are determined to be other than temporary
 the loss would be recognized in earnings if we intend
 or more likely than not will be required
 to sell the security prior to recovery. For debt securities in which we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity
 losses determined to be other than temporary would remain in OCI
 other than expected credit losses which are recognized in earnings. We consider many factors in determining whether a loss is temporary
 including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below cost
 the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery. We recognized no other than temporary impairment in earnings for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. No other than temporary losses were deferred in OCI as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deferred Compensation Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We maintain non-qualified deferred compensation plans for certain executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are generally maintained within a trust and include money market funds
 mutual funds and life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies is invested primarily in mutual funds. The investments are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We classify the investments which have observable market prices in active markets in Level 1 as these are generally publicly-traded mutual funds. The remaining deferred compensation assets are classified in Level 2
 as fair value can be corroborated based on observable market data. Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on deferred compensation are included in earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 we record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
 assets are recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as a result of impairment charges. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 related to one of the non-protein businesses held for sale
 due to a revised estimate of the business&amp;#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&amp;#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
 and consisted of Goodwill and Intangible Assets previously classified within Assets held for sale. Our valuation included unobservable Level 3 inputs and was based on expected sales proceeds following a competitive bidding process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment charge related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation. The impairment was comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of property
 plant and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of definite lived intangibles assets and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of other assets. This charge
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$44 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Cost of Sales and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
 was triggered by a change in a co-manufacturing contract and ongoing losses. Our valuation of these assets was primarily based on discounted cash flows and relief-from-royalty models
 which included unobservable Level 3 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We did not have any significant measurements of assets or liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to their initial recognition during fiscal 2016. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa
 plant. As a result
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; closure and impairment charges during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. These charges impacted the Beef segment&amp;#8217;s operating income and were reflected in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Our valuation of these assets was primarily based on discounted cash flow models which included unobservable Level 3 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$59 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&amp;#8217;s operating income
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$49 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Cost of Sales and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative. Our valuation of these assets was primarily based on discounted cash flow models which included unobservable Level 3 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken operations in fiscal 2015
 we reviewed our long-term business strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China and India. We assessed our Chinese operation for a potential impairment in fiscal 2015 and as a result of this evaluation
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$169 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; charge to impair its long-lived assets to their fair value and to fully impair its goodwill. The China operation is included in Other for segment reporting and the impairment was included in Cost of Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income. This impairment was comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$126 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of property
 plant and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goodwill and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of other assets. We utilized a discounted cash flow analysis which included unobservable Level 3 inputs.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Other Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of our debt is principally estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those or similar instruments. Fair value and carrying value for our debt are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Concentrations of Credit Risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our financial instruments exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Our cash equivalents are in high quality securities placed with major banks and financial institutions. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to receivables are limited due to the large number of customers and their dispersion across geographic areas. We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers&amp;#8217; financial condition and generally do not require collateral. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;18.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores

	

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal 2016 Activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Currency translation and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal 2017 Activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclass to assets held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a) Other included the goodwill from our foreign chicken operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On June 7
 2017
 we acquired and consolidated AdvancePierre. The allocation of goodwill to our reportable segments is pending finalization of the expected synergies and the impact of the synergies to our reporting units.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects intangible assets by type at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizable intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brands and trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents
 intellectual property and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land use rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total gross amortizable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total net amortizable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brands and trademarks not subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$107 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$92 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was recognized during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We estimate amortization expense on intangible assets for the next five fiscal years subsequent to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 general
 and administrative expense. We review the carrying value of definite life intangibles at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of the definite life intangible asset. We use various valuation techniques to estimate fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flows
 relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
 we can elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
 the adoption did not have an impact to our fiscal 2017 goodwill impairment assessment. We have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization or EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
 we utilize normalized operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 it could result in additional material impairments of our goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The discount rate used in our annual goodwill impairment test increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017 from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2016. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our material reporting units' exceeded its carrying value. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; full impairment of an immaterial reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For our indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015


 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic production deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign rate differences and valuation allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2017
 the domestic production deduction decreased tax expense by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$61 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2016
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$68 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$70 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2015
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$72 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$34 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
 was $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Additionally
 foreign rate differences
 mostly driven by the China impairment
 unfavorably impacted tax expense by $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The sale of the Mexico and Brazil operations and related repatriation of proceeds did not have a significant impact on the effective income tax rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
603 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2
543 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
908 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of income from continuing operations before income taxes for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 were from our operations based in the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize deferred income taxes for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The tax effects of major items recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating loss and other carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our gross state tax net operating loss carryforwards approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$806 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and expire in fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Gross foreign net operating loss carryforwards approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$39 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and expire in fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Gross federal net operating loss carryforwards approximated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and expire in fiscal years 2031 through 2033. We also have tax credit carryforwards of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; expire in fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and the remainder has no expiration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries aggregating approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$182 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$219 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The accumulated undistributed earnings at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. If those earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
 we could be subject to federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits)
 state income taxes and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Due to the uncertainty of the manner in which the undistributed earnings would be brought back to the United States
 the tax laws in effect at that time
 as well as the availability of the Company to claim foreign tax credits
 it is not currently practicable to estimate the tax liability that might be payable on the repatriation of these foreign earnings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;3
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of the beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increases related to current year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increases related to prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Increase related to AdvancePierre acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions related to prior year tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions related to settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reductions related to expirations of statutes of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance as of the end of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 if recognized
 that would impact our effective tax rate was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$205 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We classify interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 before tax benefits
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$63 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of accrued interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we are subject to income tax examinations for United States federal income taxes for fiscal years 2013 through 2016. We are also subject to income tax examinations by major state and foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years 2005 through 2016 and 2002 through 2016


 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
 which are related to the purchase and production of inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2017
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the cost of inventories was determined by the first-in


 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax


 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 these commitments totaled:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:87%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023 and beyond&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 Inc. (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;)
 is one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&amp;#174;
 Jimmy Dean&amp;#174;
 Hillshire Farm&amp;#174;
 Ball Park&amp;#174;
 Wright&amp;#174;
 Aidells&amp;#174;
 ibp&amp;#174; and State Fair&amp;#174;. We innovate continually to make protein more sustainable


 the FASB issued guidance which removes step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting units' fair value. The guidance is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017
 and the prospective transition method should be applied. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
 in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance on how a reporting entity
 that is the single decision maker of a variable interest entity (VIE)
 should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity
 when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods
 beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We were required to adopt this guidance at the same time that we adopted the amendments in ASU 2015-02; therefore
 we early adopted this guidance
 retrospectively
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In April 2015
 the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of fees paid by a customer for cloud computing arrangements. The guidance clarifies that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license
 the customer should account for the software license consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017
 and should be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As a result
 prior period balances were not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2015
 the FASB issued guidance changing the analysis procedures that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The new guidance affects the following areas: (1) limited partnerships and similar legal entities
 (2) evaluating fees paid to a decision maker or a service provider as a variable interest
 (3) the effect of fee arrangements on the primary beneficiary determination
 (4) the effect of related parties on the primary beneficiary determination
 and (5) certain investment funds. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017. We adopted this guidance
 retrospectively


 the FASB issued guidance that eases certain documentation and assessment requirements of hedge effectiveness and modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment. Some of the modifications include the ineffectiveness of derivative gain/loss in highly effective cash flow hedge to be recorded in OCI
 the change in fair value of derivative to be recorded in the same income statement line as hedged item
 and additional disclosures required on the cumulative basis adjustment in fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on financial statement lines for components excluded from the assessment. The amendment also simplifies the application of hedge accounting in certain situations to permit new hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that clarifies which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the prospective transition method should be applied to awards modified on or after the adoption date. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which will change the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to employer sponsored defined benefit plans and other postretirement benefits. Service cost will be included within the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while other components of net periodic benefit pension cost will be presented separately outside of operating income. Additionally
 only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied for the presentation of the service cost component and the other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the income statement
 and the prospective transition method should be applied
 on and after the effective date
 for the capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit in assets. We plan to adopt this guidance beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets
 other than inventory
 in the period in which the transfer occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#231f20;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that provides more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. The application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows and impact on earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the awards vest or are settled
 which is a change from the current guidance that requires such activity to be recorded in capital in excess of par value within stockholders' equity. We adopted this guidance prospectively which may create volatility in our effective tax rate when adopted depending largely on future events and other factors which may include our stock price
 timing of stock option exercises
 and the value realized upon vesting or exercise of shares compared to the grant date fair value of those shares. Under the new guidance
 companies can also make an accounting policy election to either estimate forfeitures each period or to account for forfeitures as they occur. We changed our accounting policy to account for forfeitures as they occur using the modified retrospective transition method and expect the impact of this change on our consolidated financial statements to be immaterial. The guidance also changes the presentation of excess tax benefits from a financing activity to an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We applied this change prospectively and do not expect a material impact on our consolidated statements of cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which created new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective method should be applied. While we are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
 we have completed our initial scoping reviews and have made progress in our assessment phase as we continue to identify our leasing processes that will be impacted by the new standard. We have also made progress in developing the policy elections we will make upon adoption and we are implementing software to meet the reporting requirements of this standard. We expect our financial statement disclosures will be expanded to present additional details of our leasing arrangements. At this time
 we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected increase in assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets or the impacts to our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that requires most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent other changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. It should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
 unless
 equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values
 in which case
 the amendments should be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which requires management to evaluate inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. The prospective transition method should be applied. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We plan to adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 but currently


 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$28 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of legal costs related to two former subsidiaries of Hillshire Brands
 which were sold by Hillshire Brands in 1986 and 1994
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of acquisition bridge financing fees related to the AdvancePierre acquisition and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$19 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of equity earnings in joint ventures
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
 net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment charge related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation. The impairment was comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of property
 plant and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of definite lived intangible assets and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of other assets. This charge
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$44 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Cost of Sales and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
 was triggered by a change in a co-manufacturing contract and ongoing losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2016
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of equity earnings in joint ventures and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in net foreign currency exchange losses
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
 net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2015
 following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken production operations
 we reviewed our strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China.&amp;#160;Despite our belief in the potential for this business
 our Chinese operations had not achieved profitability.&amp;#160;Given the losses that were generated in this business
 changes in the strategy and management of the business
 and the depressed economic outlook for China at that time
 we assessed our Chinese operations for potential impairment in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of this evaluation
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$169 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; impairment charge. The impairment was comprised of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$126 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of property
 plant and equipment
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goodwill and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of other assets. The China operation is included in Other for segment reporting and the impairment was included in Cost of Sales in the Consolidated Statements of Income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2015
 we recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of equity earnings in joint ventures and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$21 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of gains on the sale of equity securities
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;nine&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; defined benefit pension plans consisting of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;six&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; funded qualified plans
 which are all frozen and noncontributory
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; unfunded non-qualified plans. The benefits provided under these plans are based on a formula using years of service and either a specified benefit rate or compensation level. The non-qualified defined benefit plans are for certain contracted officers and use a formula based on years of service and final average salary. We also have other postretirement benefit plans for which substantially all of our employees may receive benefits if they satisfy applicable eligibility criteria. The postretirement healthcare plans are contributory with participants&amp;#8217; contributions adjusted when deemed necessary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have defined contribution retirement programs for various groups of employees. We recognized expenses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$78 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$62 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use a fiscal year end measurement date for our defined benefit plans and other postretirement plans. We recognize the effect of actuarial gains and losses into earnings immediately for other postretirement plans rather than amortizing the effect over future periods. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other postretirement benefits include postretirement medical costs and life insurance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 we issued a notice of intent to terminate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our qualified pension plans with a termination date of April 30
 2017. The settlements of the terminated plans are expected to occur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 or the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 through purchased annuities. Since the amount of the settlement depends on a number of factors determined as of the liquidation date
 including the annuity pricing interest rate environment and asset experience
 we are currently unable to determine the ultimate cost of the settlement. However
 based on current market rates the one-time settlement charge at final liquidation is estimated to be in the range of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$30 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Contributions to purchase annuities at the time of settlement are expected to be minimal based upon the funded status of each plan at September 30
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Benefit Obligations and Funded Status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans&amp;#8217; benefit obligations
 assets and funded status at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:41%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participants&amp;#8217; contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participants&amp;#8217; contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 that had an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets. Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:53%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Projected benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for all qualified pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
477 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
554 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for pension and postretirement benefit plans recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=36 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:29%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of prior service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recognized actuarial loss (gain)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Recognized settlement loss (gain) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost (credit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months related to net periodic benefit cost for the qualified and non-qualified pension plans
 excluding pending settlements
 are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the amount expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months related to net periodic benefit credit for the other postretirement benefits is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Assumptions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average assumptions are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=27 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:29%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine net periodic benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine benefit obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:11pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:11pt;&gt;n/a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To determine the expected return on plan assets assumption
 we first examined historical rates of return for the various asset classes within the plans. We then determined a long-term projected rate-of-return based on expected returns.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. These were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
 were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and October 1
 2016
 all pension and other postretirement benefit plans used the RP-2014 mortality tables. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; other postretirement benefit plans which are healthcare and life insurance related. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of these plans
 which benefit obligations totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$19 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were not impacted by healthcare cost trend rates as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; consists of fixed annual payments and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; is life insurance related. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the healthcare plans
 which benefit obligations totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were not impacted by healthcare cost trend rates due to plan amendments. The remaining plan
 which the benefit obligation totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 utilized assumed healthcare cost trend rates of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for retirees who qualify and do not qualify for Medicare

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our foreign subsidiary pension plans had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$28 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in plan assets held in an insurance trust at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The plan trustees have established a set of investment objectives related to the assets of the domestic pension plans and regularly monitor the performance of the funds and portfolio managers. Objectives for the pension assets are (i)&amp;#160;to provide growth of capital and income
 (ii)&amp;#160;to achieve a target weighted average annual rate of return competitive with funds with similar investment objectives and (iii)&amp;#160;to diversify to reduce risk. The target asset allocations are based upon the funded status of the plans. As pension obligations become better funded
 we will lower risk by increasing the allocation to fixed income. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our domestic plan assets consist mainly of common collective trusts which are primarily comprised of fixed income funds
 equity securities and other investments. Fixed income securities can include
 but are not limited to
 direct bond investments
 and pooled or indirect bond investments. Other investments may include
 but are not limited to
 international and domestic equities
 real estate
 commodities and private equity. Derivative instruments may also be used in concert with either fixed income or equity investments to achieve desired exposure or to hedge certain risks. Derivative instruments can include
 but are not limited to
 futures
 options
 swaps or swaptions. Our domestic plan assets also include mutual funds. We believe there are no significant concentrations of risk within our plan assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables show the categories of pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined in the fair value hierarchy
 which is described in Note 13: Fair Value Measurements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contract at contract value (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Total assets in fair value hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments measured at net asset value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Common collective trusts (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contract at contract value (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Total assets in fair value hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments measured at net asset value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Common collective trusts (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We classify insurance contracts as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&amp;#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Transfers in and/or out of Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our policy is to fund at least the minimum contribution required to meet applicable federal employee benefit and local tax laws. In our sole discretion
 we may from time to time fund additional amounts. Expected contributions to pension plans for fiscal 2018 are approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$38 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. For fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we funded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$53 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$64 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$14 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; plans
 respectively
 to pension plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Estimated Future Benefit Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following benefit payments are expected to be paid:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:55%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:15%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023-2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The above benefit payments for other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be offset by Medicare Part D subsidies in fiscal 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The above 2018 benefit payments do not include anticipated payments for a plan termination within &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our qualified pension plans. The plan termination process for these plans began on April
 30
 2017
 and full settlement is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 or the first quarter of fiscal 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Multi-Employer Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additionally
 we participate in a multi-employer plan that provides defined benefits to certain employees covered by collective bargaining agreements. Such plans are usually administered by a board of trustees composed of the management of the participating companies and labor representatives. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we stop participating in a plan
 we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 referred to as a withdrawal liability. Contributions to the pension funds were not in excess of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total plan contributions for plan year 2017. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The net pension cost of the plan is equal to the annual contribution determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated labor contracts. Contributions to the plan were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Assets contributed to such plans are not segregated or otherwise restricted to provide benefits only to our employees. The future cost of the plan is dependent on a number of factors including the funded status of the plan and the ability of the other participating companies to meet ongoing funding obligations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our participation in this multi-employer plan for fiscal 2017 is outlined below. The EIN/Pension Plan Number column provides the Employer Identification Number (EIN) and the three-digit plan number. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act (PPA) zone status available in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 is for the plan's year beginning January 1
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that we have received from the plan and is certified by the plan's actuaries. The zone status is a secondary classification
 critical and declining
 within the red zone for fiscal 2017. Among other factors
 plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded. Plans that are critical and declining status are projected to have an accumulated funding deficiency. The FIP/RP Status column indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (FIP) or rehabilitation plan (RP) is either pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration date(s) of the collective-bargaining agreements to which the plan is subject. There have been no significant changes that affect the comparability of contributions from year to year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to regular contributions


 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan
 such as a retiree health care plan
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Any overfunded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Any transitional asset/liability


 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects major categories of property
 plant and equipment and accumulated depreciation at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:92px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land improvements and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings and equipment under construction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
387 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; will be required to complete buildings and equipment under construction at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30


 Plant and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 machinery and equipment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and land improvements and other of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Major repairs and maintenance costs that significantly extend the useful life of the related assets are capitalized. Normal repairs and maintenance costs are charged to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes


 plant and equipment and accumulated depreciation at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:92px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Building and leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land improvements and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings and equipment under construction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5


&amp;#160;except&amp;#160;per&amp;#160;share&amp;#160;data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share attributable to Tyson:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share attributable to Tyson:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Second quarter fiscal 2017 net income included a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pretax impairment charge related to our San Diego Prepared Foods operation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Third quarter fiscal 2017 net income included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$77 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
 which included a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$24 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; purchase accounting adjustment for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory related to AdvancePierre
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$35 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of acquisition related costs and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of acquisition bridge financing fees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Third quarter fiscal 2017 net income included a post tax &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$26 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; recognition of tax benefit related to the expected sale of a non-protein business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fourth quarter fiscal 2017
 net income included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$150 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pretax restructuring and related charges
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pretax impairment related to the expected sale of a non-protein business and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$26 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs


 level of past due accounts and relationships with and economic status of our customers. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$34 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$33 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables


 Chairman of the Company
 is a trustee)
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 LP (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which is owned by TLP)
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson. Total payments of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in each of fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were paid to lease the facilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of September 30
 2017
 the TLP
 of which John Tyson and director Barbara Tyson are general partners
 owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares
 or &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99.985%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our outstanding Class B stock and
 along with the members of the Tyson family
 owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class A stock
 giving it control of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total voting power of our outstanding voting stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2017
 the Company committed to invest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; equity interest in Buchan Ltd.
 a Mauritian private holding company of poultry operations in sub-Saharan Africa. Acacia Foods
 B.V. is committed to invest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in Buchan Ltd. Donnie Smith
 who during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 was Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 serves as the Chairman of Acacia Foods
 B.V. and as a director of Buchan Ltd. John Randal Tyson (son of John Tyson) serves as a director of Buchan Ltd. for the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2017
 the Company provided administrative services to the Tyson Limited Partnership
 the beneficial owner of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of Class B stock
 and the Tyson Limited Partnership
 through TLP Investment
 L.P.


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$96 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 our Board of Directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the &amp;#8220;Financial Fitness Program&amp;#8221;)
 which is expected to contribute to the Company&amp;#8217;s overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. The Company currently anticipates the Financial Fitness Program will result in cumulative pretax charges
 once implemented
 of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$215 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; which consist primarily of severance and employee related costs
 asset impairments
 accelerated depreciation
 incremental costs to implement new technology
 and contract termination costs. As part of this program
 we anticipate eliminating approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; positions across several areas and job levels with most of the eliminated positions originating from the corporate offices in Springdale
 Arkansas; Chicago
 Illinois; and Cincinnati
 Ohio.&amp;#160;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 the Company recognized restructuring and related charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$150 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; associated with the program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects the pretax impact of restructuring and related charges in the Consolidated Statements of Income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:81%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling
 General and Administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total restructuring and related charges
 pretax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects the pretax impact of restructuring and related charges incurred in fiscal 2017 and the estimated charges in fiscal 2018 by our reportable segments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-top:4px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:43%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:17%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017 charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated 2018 charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total estimated Financial Fitness Program charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Beef&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total restructuring and related charges
 pretax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For fiscal 2017
 the restructuring and related charges consisted of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$53 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; severance and employee related costs
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$72 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; technology impairment and related costs
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for contract termination costs. The expected fiscal 2018 restructuring and related charges are expected to approximate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of employee related costs
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of incremental costs to implement new technology
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$34 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in accelerated depreciation
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of other charges. The timing and actual amounts of these estimated charges may change.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects our liability related to restructuring which was recognized in other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30


 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries
 wages and benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued marketing
 advertising and promotion expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1




 which is described in Note 13: Fair Value Measurements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contract at contract value (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Total assets in fair value hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments measured at net asset value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Common collective trusts (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contract at contract value (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Total assets in fair value hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments measured at net asset value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Common collective trusts (b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We classify insurance contracts as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&amp;#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available

	
	
	

 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 property
 plant and equipment
 and deferred income taxes
 are not yet finalized and are subject to revision as additional information becomes available and more detailed analyses are completed. The purchase price was allocated based on information available at acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded measurement period adjustments which increased goodwill by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$60 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 primarily related to updated valuations for intangible assets and deferred income taxes based on additional information regarding assets and liabilities assumed. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:81%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:16%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax receivable agreement (TRA) due to former shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-Term Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 net of amounts capitalized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets still held at reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Transfers in and/or out of Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance at September 30

	



 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Revolving credit facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commercial Paper&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Senior notes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.00% Notes due May 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due May 2019 (2019 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.77% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.65% Notes due August 2019 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due June 2020 (June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.87% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Notes due August 2020 (August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes) (1.76% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.10% Notes due September 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.25% Notes due August 2021 (2021 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.50% Senior notes due June 2022 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.95% Notes due August 2024 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.55% Notes due June 2027 (2027 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.00% Notes due January 2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.13% Notes due November 2032 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.88% Notes due August 2034 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.15% Notes due August 2044 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.55% Notes due June 2047 (2047 Notes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount on senior notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tranche B due August 2019 (2.75% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tranche B due August 2020 (2.05% at 09/30/2017)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizing Notes - Tangible Equity Units (see Note 8: Equity)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net operating loss and other carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 assets and funded status at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.90503323836657%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=24 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:41%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&amp;#160;Postretirement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-Qualified&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participants&amp;#8217; contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
576&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Plan participants&amp;#8217; contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

	
	
	

 except soy meal tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soy Meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;475
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;389


&amp;#160;except&amp;#160;per&amp;#160;share&amp;#160;data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less dividends declared:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;896&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total undistributed earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Denominator for basic earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A weighted average shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B weighted average shares



	

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Netting&amp;#160;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Compensation Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:2px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Netting&amp;#160;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Available for Sale Securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred Compensation Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Designated as hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Undesignated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-top:4px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:40px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our derivative assets and liabilities are presented in our Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis when a legally enforceable master netting arrangement exists between the counterparty to a derivative contract and us. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$22 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively


125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total identifiable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortizable intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brands and trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents
 intellectual property and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land use rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total gross amortizable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total net amortizable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Brands and trademarks not subject to amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal 2016 Activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Currency translation and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal 2017 Activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reclass to assets held for sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated impairment losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9

	

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Processed products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Supplies and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2






&amp;#160;except&amp;#160;per&amp;#160;share&amp;#160;data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income attributable to Tyson&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:5px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income per share attributable to Tyson:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class&amp;#160;A Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Class B Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.07&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1



 General and Administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total restructuring and related charges




823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property


 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
191
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
172
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(87
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
615
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#cceeff;&gt;Outstanding
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
547
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
152

	

 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
602
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;734
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(506
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(141
698&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonvested
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
715


 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=22 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;3
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares repurchased:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under share repurchase program&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To fund certain obligations under equity compensation plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total share repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 INC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three Years Ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30


 Pork
 Chicken
 and Prepared Foods. We measure segment profit as operating income (loss). Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
 third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
 LLC.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On June 7
 2017
 we acquired AdvancePierre
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components and other entr&amp;#233;es and snacks. AdvancePierre's results from operations subsequent to the acquisition closing are included in the Prepared Foods and Chicken segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Beef:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Beef includes our operations related to processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
 as well as logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pork: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pork includes our operations related to processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes our live swine group
 related allied product processing activities and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Chicken:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Chicken includes our domestic operations related to raising and processing live chickens into
 and purchasing raw materials for
 fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products
 as well as sales from allied products. Our value-added chicken products primarily include breaded chicken strips
 nuggets
 patties and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes logistics operations to move products through our domestic supply chain and the global operations of our chicken breeding stock subsidiary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Prepared Foods:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Prepared Foods includes our operations related to manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. This segment includes brands such as Jimmy Dean&amp;#174;
 Hillshire Farm&amp;#174;
 Ball Park&amp;#174;
 Wright&amp;#174;
 State Fair&amp;#174;
 Van's&amp;#174;
 Sara Lee&amp;#174; and Chef Pierre&amp;#174;
 as well as artisanal brands Aidells&amp;#174;
 Gallo Salame&amp;#174;
 and Golden Island&amp;#174;. Products primarily include ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks
 pepperoni
 bacon
 breakfast sausage
 turkey
 lunchmeat
 hot dogs
 pizza crusts and toppings
 flour and corn tortilla products
 desserts
 appetizers
 snacks
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes
 breadsticks and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We allocate expenses related to corporate activities to the segments
 except for third-party merger and integration costs of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$67 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$37 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$47 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
 LLC
 which are included in Other. Assets and additions to property
 plant and equipment relating to corporate activities remain in Other. In addition
 at September 30
 2017
 we included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goodwill associated with our acquisition of AdvancePierre in Other. The allocation of goodwill to our reportable segments is pending finalization of the expected synergies and the impact of the synergies to our reporting units. See Note 5: Goodwill and Intangible Assets for further description.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Information on segments and a reconciliation to income from continuing operations before income taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=28 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:37%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:5%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:4%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:9%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=26 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Beef&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intersegment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36
881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating Income (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Other (Income) Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income before Income Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions to property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Beef segment had sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$386 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$327 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$351 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Pork segment had sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$966 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$840 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$847 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Chicken segment had sales of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$60 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$27 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The aforementioned sales from intersegment transactions
 which were at market prices
 were included in the segment sales in the above table.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in all the segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
 have a material impact on our operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The majority of our operations are domiciled in the United States. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;97%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of sales to external customers for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 were sourced from the United States. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$21.6 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and $17.3 billion of long-lived assets were located in the United States at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
 long-lived assets located in the United States totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.0 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5.6 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$217 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$204 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of long-lived assets were located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 European Union and India
 at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
 long-lived assets in foreign countries totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$193 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$180 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We sell certain products in foreign markets
 primarily Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 and Taiwan. Our export sales from the United States totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.9 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.5 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.1 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Substantially all of our export sales are facilitated through unaffiliated brokers
 marketing associations and foreign sales staffs. Sales of products produced in a country other than the United States were less than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of consolidated sales for each of fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 workers&amp;#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors


 October 1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
147
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;965
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(389
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(565
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nonvested
 September 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
157

	

 Inc. (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;)
 is one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&amp;#174;
 Jimmy Dean&amp;#174;
 Hillshire Farm&amp;#174;
 Ball Park&amp;#174;
 Wright&amp;#174;
 Aidells&amp;#174;
 ibp&amp;#174; and State Fair&amp;#174;. We innovate continually to make protein more sustainable
 tailor food for everywhere it&amp;#8217;s available and raise the world&amp;#8217;s expectations for how much good food can do. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Consolidation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 entities for which we have a controlling financial interest or variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We utilize a 52- or 53-week accounting period ending on the Saturday closest to September&amp;#160;30. The Company&amp;#8217;s accounting cycle resulted in a 52-week year for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a 53-week year for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
 may result in negative book cash balances. These negative book cash balances are included in accounts payable and other current liabilities. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$237 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$261 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts and relationships with and economic status of our customers. At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$34 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$33 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
 but we do periodically evaluate the credit worthiness of our customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Inventories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
 which are related to the purchase and production of inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2017
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the cost of inventories was determined by the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method as compared to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;61%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2016. The remaining cost of inventories for both years is determined by the weighted-average method.   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table reflects the major components of inventory at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Processed products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Supplies and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 machinery and equipment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and land improvements and other of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Major repairs and maintenance costs that significantly extend the useful life of the related assets are capitalized. Normal repairs and maintenance costs are charged to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We review the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of an asset. The fair value of an asset is generally measured using discounted cash flows including market participant assumptions of future operating results and discount rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Goodwill and Intangible Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Definite life intangibles are initially recorded at fair value and amortized over the estimated period of benefit. Brands and trademarks are generally amortized using the straight-line method over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years or less. Customer relationships are generally amortized over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;seven&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years based on the pattern of revenue expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Amortization expense is generally recognized in selling
 general
 and administrative expense. We review the carrying value of definite life intangibles at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of the definite life intangible asset. We use various valuation techniques to estimate fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flows
 relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
 we can elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
 the adoption did not have an impact to our fiscal 2017 goodwill impairment assessment. We have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization or EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
 we utilize normalized operating margin assumptions based on future expectations and operating margins historically realized in the reporting units' industries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
 it could result in additional material impairments of our goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The discount rate used in our annual goodwill impairment test increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017 from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2016. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our material reporting units' exceeded its carrying value. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; full impairment of an immaterial reporting unit&amp;#8217;s goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For our indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our indefinite life intangible assets exceeded its carrying value. The discount rate used in our indefinite life intangible test was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017 and 2016. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We have investments in joint ventures and other entities. We generally use the cost method of accounting when our voting interests are less than 20 percent. We use the equity method of accounting when our voting interests are in excess of 20 percent and we do not have a controlling interest or a variable interest in which we are the primary beneficiary. Investments in joint ventures and other entities are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other Assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 recorded in other comprehensive income. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is recorded in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of debt securities and declines in value judged to be other than temporary are recorded on a net basis in other income. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded in interest income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accrued Self-Insurance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other actuarial assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Current Liabilities: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other current liabilities at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:73%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in&amp;#160;millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries
 wages and benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued marketing
 advertising and promotion expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:12px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Defined Benefit Plans: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognize the funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation. We measure our plan assets and liabilities at the end of our fiscal year. For a defined benefit pension plan
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan
 such as a retiree health care plan
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Any overfunded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Any transitional asset/liability
 prior service cost or actuarial gain/loss that has not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic cost is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive income will be adjusted as these amounts are subsequently recognized as a component of net periodic benefit costs in future periods. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&amp;#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
 while changes surrounding inventories on hand or anticipated purchases of inventories or supplies are recorded in cost of sales. We generally do not hedge anticipated transactions beyond &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Litigation Reserves:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
 are adjusted periodically as assessment efforts progress or additional information becomes available. We expense amounts for administering or litigating claims as incurred. Accruals for legal proceedings are included in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Freight Expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Freight expense associated with products shipped to customers is recognized in cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Marketing and Promotion Costs:  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We promote our products with marketing
 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives
 which include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 and volume-based incentives. Marketing and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other marketing and promotional activities are recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Advertising Expenses: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Advertising expense is charged to operations in the period incurred and is recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. Advertising expense totaled $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;238 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$238 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$181 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Research and Development:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$113 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$96 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that eases certain documentation and assessment requirements of hedge effectiveness and modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment. Some of the modifications include the ineffectiveness of derivative gain/loss in highly effective cash flow hedge to be recorded in OCI
 the change in fair value of derivative to be recorded in the same income statement line as hedged item
 and additional disclosures required on the cumulative basis adjustment in fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on financial statement lines for components excluded from the assessment. The amendment also simplifies the application of hedge accounting in certain situations to permit new hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that clarifies which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the prospective transition method should be applied to awards modified on or after the adoption date. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which will change the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to employer sponsored defined benefit plans and other postretirement benefits. Service cost will be included within the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while other components of net periodic benefit pension cost will be presented separately outside of operating income. Additionally
 only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied for the presentation of the service cost component and the other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the income statement
 and the prospective transition method should be applied
 on and after the effective date
 for the capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit in assets. We plan to adopt this guidance beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets
 other than inventory
 in the period in which the transfer occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#231f20;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that provides more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. The application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows and impact on earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the awards vest or are settled
 which is a change from the current guidance that requires such activity to be recorded in capital in excess of par value within stockholders' equity. We adopted this guidance prospectively which may create volatility in our effective tax rate when adopted depending largely on future events and other factors which may include our stock price
 timing of stock option exercises
 and the value realized upon vesting or exercise of shares compared to the grant date fair value of those shares. Under the new guidance
 companies can also make an accounting policy election to either estimate forfeitures each period or to account for forfeitures as they occur. We changed our accounting policy to account for forfeitures as they occur using the modified retrospective transition method and expect the impact of this change on our consolidated financial statements to be immaterial. The guidance also changes the presentation of excess tax benefits from a financing activity to an operating activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows. We applied this change prospectively and do not expect a material impact on our consolidated statements of cash flows. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which created new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective method should be applied. While we are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
 we have completed our initial scoping reviews and have made progress in our assessment phase as we continue to identify our leasing processes that will be impacted by the new standard. We have also made progress in developing the policy elections we will make upon adoption and we are implementing software to meet the reporting requirements of this standard. We expect our financial statement disclosures will be expanded to present additional details of our leasing arrangements. At this time
 we are unable to reasonably estimate the expected increase in assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets or the impacts to our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that requires most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent other changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. It should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
 unless
 equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values
 in which case
 the amendments should be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which requires management to evaluate inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. The prospective transition method should be applied. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We plan to adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 but currently


 Class&amp;#160;Common A stock
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value (Class A stock) and Class B Common Stock
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value (Class B stock). Holders of Class B stock may convert such stock into Class&amp;#160;A stock on a share-for-share basis. Holders of Class B stock are entitled to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; votes per share
 while holders of Class&amp;#160;A stock are entitled to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; vote per share on matters submitted to shareholders for approval. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 Tyson Limited Partnership (the TLP) owned &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99.985%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the outstanding shares of Class B stock and the TLP and members of the Tyson family owned
 in the aggregate
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.07%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the outstanding shares of Class&amp;#160;A stock
 giving them
 collectively
 control of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.78%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total voting power of the outstanding voting stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Class B stock is considered a participating security requiring the use of the two-class method for the computation of basic earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each period reflects the cash dividends paid for each class of stock
 plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings (losses) computed using the participation percentage
 which reflects the dividend rights of each class of stock. Basic earnings per share were computed using the two-class method for all periods presented. The shares of Class B stock are considered to be participating convertible securities since the shares of Class B stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into shares of Class&amp;#160;A stock. Diluted earnings per share were computed assuming the conversion of the Class B shares into Class&amp;#160;A shares as of the beginning of each period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Dividends&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash dividends cannot be paid to holders of Class B stock unless they are simultaneously paid to holders of Class&amp;#160;A stock. The per share amount of the cash dividend paid to holders of Class B stock cannot exceed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the cash dividend simultaneously paid to holders of Class&amp;#160;A stock. We pay quarterly cash dividends to Class&amp;#160;A and Class B shareholders. We paid Class&amp;#160;A dividends per share of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. We paid Class B dividends per share of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. On November 10
 2017
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 10
 2017
 to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share on our Class A stock and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share on our Class B stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 15
 2017
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Share Repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On February 4
 2016
 our Board of Directors approved an increase of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares authorized for repurchase under our share repurchase program. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program has no fixed or scheduled termination date and the timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 markets
 industry conditions
 liquidity targets
 limitations under our debt obligations and regulatory requirements. In addition to the share repurchase program
 we purchase shares on the open market to fund certain obligations under our equity compensation plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of cumulative share repurchases of our Class A stock for fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=22 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:45%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:7%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:6%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:8%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;September&amp;#160;30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;3
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shares repurchased:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under share repurchase program&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To fund certain obligations under equity compensation plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total share repurchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Tangible Equity Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In fiscal 2014
 we completed the public issuance of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; tangible equity units (TEUs). Total proceeds
 net of underwriting discounts and other expenses
 were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
454 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Each TEU
 which had a stated amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was comprised of a prepaid stock purchase contract and a senior amortizing note due July 15
 2017. We allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the TEUs to equity and debt based on the relative fair values of the respective components of each TEU. The fair value of the prepaid stock purchase contracts
 which was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
295 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was recorded in Capital in Excess of Par Value
 net of issuance costs. The fair value of the senior amortizing notes
 which was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$205 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was recorded in debt. Issuance costs associated with the TEU debt were recorded as deferred debt issuance cost and was amortized over the term of the instrument to July 15
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The aggregate values assigned upon issuance of each component of the TEU's
 based on the relative fair value of the respective components of each TEU
 were as follows:   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:59%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:11%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:1%; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;in millions
 except price per TEU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity Component&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt Component&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Price per TEU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Issuance cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:2px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:12px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2017


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;1
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;October&amp;#160;3






































































		



 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available

		
		
		










































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Livestock

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    








    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    





 Provision

    








    
    


    
    



 plant


 Plant and Equipment









    
    














    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Gain (Loss) on Derivative



    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Non-Option Equity Instruments


 Non-Option Equity Instruments




 October 1


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 September 30




 October 1


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures




 September 30




 Nonvested
 September 30


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding




 September 30


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value



    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

















 Shares









    








    
    


    




    




    

 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share



    


    
    


    










    














    





 Equity Component


 Equity Component






 Debt Component


 Debt Component













    
    




    
    




    
    




















    
    




    
    




    
    










    








    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    


    
    


    







 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



    
    


    
    



 Property


 Property




 Property


 Property


















 Tax Deferred Expense






 Deferred Expense





















































    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets



    

 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    

 Pension Plan with Accumulated Benefit Obligation in Excess of Plan Assets



    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Options


 Options




 October 1


 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options



    

 Options



    

 Options
 Grants in Period




 September 30




 October 1


 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period



    

 Options
 Grants in Period




 September 30




 September 30


 Options
 Outstanding




 September 30


 Options
 Outstanding




 September 30


 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable




 September 30


 Options
 Exercisable




 September 30


 Options
 Exercisable



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    

 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    
    
    


    

 Other Adjustments



    




    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 equity instruments other than options


 equity instruments other than options



    

 equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 dividends


 equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 dividends



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
































    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs









    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    














    




    




    




    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    

 Benefit Obligation



    








    


    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    

 Plan Assets



    






    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Stock Options



    

 Stock Options



    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    




    
    


    

 Pensions



    




    




    




    










    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    








    





 Shares



    

 Value



    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    
    


    

 Common Stock



    







 Shares



    

 Value
 Acquired






 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    
    


    




    





 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax


 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax

























    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity




 State and Local Income Taxes


 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Tax Contingency




 Tax Settlement
 Foreign


 Tax Settlement
 Foreign









    
    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    
    


    







 Net



    




    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    
    


    

 Net



    




    
    


    




    

 Value



    
    


    
    


    





 at cost - 80 million shares at September 30
 2017 and 73 million shares in October 1





    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    



 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class


 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class


 Basic and Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    








    
    










    
    
    



 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock


 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock


 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock

















    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation


 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis






 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset






 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    


    

 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payment



    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

















 Maximum Exposure


 Maximum Exposure


 Maximum Exposure



    

 Maximum Exposure




 Maximum Exposure


 Maximum Exposure


 Maximum Exposure



    

 Recourse Provisions


 Recourse Provisions









    






    






    







 Off-balance Sheet Risks
 Face Amount


 Off-balance Sheet Risks
 Face Amount



    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    



 Current Period


 Current Period




 Current Period


 Current Period






 Current Period




 before Reclassifications


 before Reclassifications




 before Reclassifications






 before Reclassifications


 before Reclassifications



















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Contributions


 Contributions


 Contributions



    
    


    
    


    
    
    






































    






    




    

 Expected Amortization




 Number of Plans Subject to Partial Settlement


 Number of Plans Subject to Partial Settlement


 Number of Plans Subject to Partial Settlement




















 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates


 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates


 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates




 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates


 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates


 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates
















 assumed


 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year


 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year




 assumed


 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year


 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year









    






    

 Expected Future Employer Contributions



    














    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Impaired







    




    




    












    

 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges



    

 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment



    

 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment



    

 Defined Benefit Plan



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


















    
    
    


    
    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share


 Dividends
 Per Share




 Dividends
 Per Share


 Dividends
 Per Share

















    

 Units


 Units






 Dividend Rate


 Dividend Rate



    




























    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Consideration Transferred


 Consideration Transferred


 Consideration Transferred










 Goodwill


 Goodwill



    
    



 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information




 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information


 Pro Forma Information




 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment


 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    




    
    


    

 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain (Loss)



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    






    






    






    






    






    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    




    




























    

 Interest Rate









    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed


 Recognized Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed











    
    



 Weighted Average Interest Rate


 Weighted Average Interest Rate









    


    
    


    


    
    








    


    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    












    


    




    








    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant



    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities



    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    
    













 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 LP


 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 LP


 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 LP



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    
    


    
    








































    
    


    
    






    


    


    

 Plan Assets Level 3 Reconciliation



    

 Plan Assets Level 3 Reconciliation




 sales and settlements


 Plan Assets Level 3 Reconciliation
 Increase (Decrease) for Purchases
 Sales



    

 Plan Assets Level 3 Reconciliation




 Plant and Equipment









    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    
    
    





 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



    

 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion









    

 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    

 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Net of Tax



    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Goods


 Goods



    
    


    
    




    






    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Not Allocated



    






    
    


    










    


    


    


    


    




    





 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    





 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 plant


 Plant and Equipment









    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Edwards
 Murray


 Edwards
 Murray


 Edwards
 Murray



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Pending Claims






 Damages Awarded






 Damages Sought















    
    
    






















    
    









 Including Discontinued Operations


 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements





    



 Fair Value
 Gross Liability and Obligation to Return Cash


 Fair Value
 Gross Liability and Obligation to Return Cash















    




    






    





 Fair Value
 Gross Asset and Right to Reclaim Cash



    





 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash


 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash




 Collateral


 Collateral



    
    


    
    


    







 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement


 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    
    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    
    


    






    






    
    
    


    
    








    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    




    




    




    

 Options
 Grants in Period





    


    




    

 Options
 Vested



    

 Options
 Vested in Period



    
    


    




    

 Options
 Exercises in Period









    

 Nonvested Awards




 time frame for recognition


 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Not yet Recognized






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Award Vesting Rights






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable



    

 Including Discontinued Operation






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Assets



    

 Including Discontinued Operation






 Including Discontinued Operation



    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Liabilities



    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    









 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant







    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    






























    




    


    




    










    

 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)



    








    
    





 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense



    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss



    


    

 Finished Goods and Work in Process



    

 Raw Materials



    

 Supplies



    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    





 Plant



    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    



 Measurements


 Measurements



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Investments
 Portion Recognized in Earnings


 Investments
 Portion Recognized in Earnings




 Investments
 Portion in Other Comprehensive Loss
 Net of Tax


 Investments
 Portion in Other Comprehensive Loss
 Net of Tax




 Plant and Equipment



    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation



    
    






    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 chart-e8fad1dd5c725df1921.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!





M^&1\'_\ R%7ZC44 ?ES_ 

_X)(_\ 2.C]D'_PR/@__P0
MJ/\ AR9_P21_Z1T?L@_^&1\'_P#R%7ZC44 ?ES_PY,_X)(_](Z/V0?\ PR/@
M_P#^0J/^')G_  21_PD='[(/_AD?!__ 




MF?\ !)'_ *1T?L@_^&1\'_\ R%7ZC44 ?ES_ 

_X)(_\
M2.C]D'_PR/@__P0J/\ AR9_P21_Z1T?L@_^&1\'_P#R%7ZC44 ?ES_PY,_X
M)(_](Z/V0?\ PR/@_P#^0J/^')G_  21_PD='[(/_AD?!__ 






M4 ?ES_PY
_X)(_\ 2.C]D'_PR/@__P0J/\ AR9_P21_Z1T?L@_^&1\'_P#R
M%7ZC44 ?ES_PY,_X)(_](Z/V0?\ PR/@_P#^0J/^')G_  21_PD='[(/_AD
M?!__ 

CX/_\ D*C_


M?$?ACQ%I'AJXO-+UO1-5M[
76G:G87

M )1(?\$Z/^S0O@G_ .HC9U^H] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1



MQ



M7:V.L7=OIGA/P%=6$_@FWT+Q@\_B^?M_B5^VA^U=\?O^H__  3#^/@OX]?






M^


M^)G_  3U_:7^*_@3]FOXD^



MNTNM0U&X$=I96\UQ+'&W



MPDATKP;XJ_:


'_!+W_@AY^U'X
^*NJ_ KXV_

JC+
%'J


K_ $P\*^%?GQ]B\&_$NX



/%?@OP%XC^(G_  B








M 


/&OQ[
M
_AGX

-

M)\

?PEM=&O?$5O;^&XO#&MW\/A3Q]J?AK4;J_\.RM





I&X


MGQ:\)?\ !QK^SQXA^-'QY\


M/&P\':CXXATK7KBZN-



O-&O^(O^$OU#Q?JLGB.*'4-


6L5

?85^./B?\ X+H_

M&7A6WT77_$6D:+%9:;IFNZCJEC::7I=I'#I]O_.A_P '$EA8:7_P4Q_X-N-

G[(5M:6MO!&JQPVUO!&D

2*(XXT5$


M?9/%?C'PMX&TB/7O&&OZ5X;T:76/#GA^+4M8O(;*SEUSQAXATOPGX5TB*:9E

%-?^9?[ O
MPWUOQ#\(? '[9FI_M#_$K]HGXF?#[[#H'Q!\;Z'^S_\ 2\OO!WPU\/^-6T^


/P2^
6O:_H/CC]L#









M3\.W5YJGC22\OO\ A)]!\8^%]$N]&?X4_; L?VR_BS_P4E_X-SO 7[5/QE^*

MXTLM5U*VU:ZUJ'QO8Z%H6K3^%/#5MX=CCU(78!_:L'0C(=2  2=PX!Z$\\9]
MZ-R\?

MO^P7\+_C+^S1826OA.XG^&7Q$OOA9X!\7:GXETF^F\+FZU/^U=?OM1N+[3==







MY1(?\$Z/^S0O@G_ZB-G7ZCT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M 'AG[1W[
K


37MOK]V=1\=7/AR[L


MV9KK]H5=6&HQFP6_A\2I:P__PPBW

M
T3_ ((9_P#!//PY\&_@I\!-&^'7C^R^%_[/'[0LW[4_PBT ?&?XE37'A7XY
M2FPD7QI_;5QKDNLZQ]FN;#[9:Z%KE]J/AZ&ZO=1D&ED7DB#Y#_:-_8L_: ^*

\+7OA#XM:_XD^*


UN!'<(DL;M&%=
M20#YK_X8_P#@K_PR%_PPY_9GB/\ X9Z_X4C_ ,,Z_P#._\ 7Z]_P )!_PJ
M'_A&?^$*_P$4_X33[3_ 
)-G_A$?^*?_MG[?_;GV+][_:/V_P#TROFC1_\

-=TKQEKOQ&^)N
MM?[P/\ KP9H'@W5_$




MN[MI8OZ


M/AAX/\=^-/OVCQ%I6IZGKUOK_B#Q?IFL#QQXDUNZ\2:UJ_B?7-6UGQ'=ZAX
ME\2:C=:WXCN-5OG65/NGQ'\-?OC/X8:_P##QI;7OBKP1XM\:O\./%=EJN



MAN.ZNI/MGJ%[JT'A:\N)-1\/KINHB.[3[IFB\Z6$220^9%)$)(2J2Q;T9
M\197573.Z


M6_#L






%8_!</PS^(MK
MX=T_]K+]M'PQ86OQZ^




T4D4+O(C* #4FBBGBD@FC26&:-XI8I462.2.12CQR1N&1T=&*NCJRNI
-/#_
M 



MW?\ 1I'61%=&#(ZAE92K*P!5E(RK @J02"00:=0!^8WP'_X)%_L9?LZ
M_&[X._M'_#_P_P#%*]^-OP/^Z_L^^OB#X]^.?Q4^(^KGX2PVNIV-CX/UFV



ML^%M4UTUC4+&]L=N;/2$@F2;3;#3M1M;.^M_MW4/VO_@;:?M9Z#^Q1!XRT
MZ^_: UCX



M6+VZUG5H-4U:[O+VY_5O4=:TC2#8#5=3T_33JFH6^DZ:+^]MK/\ M#5+L2-:
MZ;8_:98OMFH7*Q2M;V-MYMW.(W


M^*GC;]G/XC_$/PA!XM\;_LJ^*M8\;?!;Q'K%S-/?^&O$^O\ @'5?AQJVJS[3


M?]G_ 

M_C7X.:3XN;Q!X=T**[T[2?%/B[Q#':Z;??7/_!03]O#P%^P'\)?AW\1/&^GP


^*+F7Q[IVD)?WFJZG


M)[-X!K'AVZFT[2YK+YD\:_\ !'[]A/QM\#OA)\!;CX9^)O#OAOX(?' _M*_#
MGQEX


L/$NB
-)\5Z#=:9KNF7NC^(;2WTYK

-2




M7PM::;KWB77;F]_LW3_#NN@'W9^U%^S)\+?VP/@EXW_9X^-=KXAU7X3_ !)T



M+Z;3CZ__ 
$^_P!MWX9?\%$?V3/A-^UC\*;#5=!\/_$C3M4AU;PCK\MK/KW@






GQ3^'


/V5[.W^*/C:TN_A]X
MC\(7.DS^$]2OM3@U-;[QHWAZ'1=/L-.MO&

M 

_#SQ#X9U/P[XDTC4_AMJ?A+Q!&L
MFDW/P\O?#4D5H%M)#*B1-'^A-KKFC7TZVMEJVF7=R\+76]KJ%I<3M C*CSK
M##

MI]E'+J&HS076MZQK&J:A](444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%



U]=[9[^ZLK5KRZ$
M2V6FVSW





ZKJG@[3]'U2^\/:3!X=FN'TJR6QC_HP^/'B#QE\3O^




MB-^SYX(\6^#/C!I/@[1O!OPU^('Q9^&OC;X?3?%71_AKX$UKQ)I

M[;7+^QUK1I=.\:1:)-)8ZE_PC/BS^T/#VM?V9;Z;J]I/8
\8 /X]?^=7[V
V\%Y:7<,MO=VMU#
M'<6US;SHT<\$]O,LD4T$J.R20RH\;HQ1U9200#^/S_@UYO;&[_:C_P"]*VU
M[:3FY_;WFO;?R+F<S6<WQ _:4\F\A6-W\VTE!'EWAH)1D*[#(I_P .OV3-
M8_9=_P"M?[;'_!,CP]\';36?V+/^K_ (9\%_MC:5=6FC:
O@[X7^&OAOXZ

MD.IZV-;\0:N ?SH^$--\6_ #_@K;X


Z?XONM
M/O;DWEW87/B:STN'7)[*ZNR;JYM9;]X;BY)GF1Y#NJ63X5?#&7Q]%\5)/AWX




M'_PB\/Q!^?B[3OOC[2KW5/@U\=,DM;#5;O3=7F&WOY-4N;*VU$#3X;
MNWO+(V_V@?IQ_P %.O!_Q&^'WCS_ ((?!#QI)9:G^RI9?M6?#GX=?M/+J[)
M'\-O$_Q(\%_OPWIOP!T+QW!?


@DC215#HK  _A&^.'C/]KGP]_P3


MAK_@F[8:+I?PET+_ ((0:#X[M?#_ 

M'%\8-7^&

MP_X1TVP.E:=X6T31=
TGPYI^ELKHVFV6A:?:VVE6FGE)9$:RM[2.U99)%:(B





MYT'4O%_B?Q!I;V
T6L:I!_83=_!'X-W]SXFO;[X3_#2\N_&FW_A+[JZ\ ^$;


MC'HGAS099K73GEA^DOV




M;\7:!X^UCP3X1U;QSX5L=2TSPQXRU+PSHE_XK\.Z=K
;0ZO8:%XCN[;6M'L
MM5B=HM2M-.OK:WOXV9+J.9&8'CS^SW\!CI,N@GX*_7^Q)M5779M'_X5IX(_


MGBO6/#&MWNM7.AZO\0H=(DU+4=
U2]U&2WO=6F6\DGW2;O=O%OPJ^&/CU_#+


M7Q?\'M:E_8'M?%$?CCX:_M!ZA\7/%OAW0K7X

MC]O3XO\ A']A_1OAM\+?@QXP_P?_B#XJZ]IWP\^&/B[XVV'AV?QCXE^+'Q


/ _A;Q/J
M_AV3S3-OT+4]=TG4+[1W\XF7.G3VQ\TF3_6$M0!_%U_P1=_X**VGQ6^)/[)W


?AF:\TG3O'M[/VD/@?\ X6M_






M%D0B3QQ\.?A_\3=(AT#XC^!_'C[0K;4+75K?1?&OAC0_%FDPZK8ES9:G%IO
MBPU&RCU&S

M9OC)\3?B_P#&[PCI&MPS6M[;?#[QKXBMM/\ !FI165Q%%/:Z7XMTKPV/&VC&
M16%_I'B6QU:)C!J


M+F2T10^YKJ.UAFN7MP#

M4!41% 5%4!54!5   'FMM\%/@[9^)QXUM/A3\-K7Q@+QM0'BJW\!^$X/$@OW
M #WHUZ+1TU;[6X4!KG[9Y[  %R 

MT:'6)[^T\

M;=65M\.Y?BQK?Q


MG4;30+[1;G7?'-XFH_T;Q?#GP!!X1NO $/@CPA#X&O;&;3+SP;%X8T*/PI=Z


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#\N/^VG_*)#_@HO_P!FA?&S
M_P!1&\HH_P"VG_*)#_@HO\ ]FA?&S_U$;RB@ _X(E_\HD/^='_ &:%\$__


M35[FVBTB75[VV /T1\7?\%$/V+_ G[.



+J.XAA_CP_:#_X)
MX?MH?$'_ ((Y?\%K=2\/_7XGZCK7[7'_!3'QG^V+^SS\ [CPKKUM\6=:^6
MG?'#P7J5QXP_X5==6




?\ !.7]A7PQ^TM^RSXVTCPUX[;X]^ OAK?Z?XH\

Z8UC=Z?JUK;K UW#=65TT\





MTWP[XZUFZ/C*#P!J

M?I/\
_\ @J__ 
$[OC%XL^$?@3X;?M7?##Q5XT^.OC/QU\/?A5X4L9_$$'B#

U34?
TC1KW4=6AFLH_1O

ME^'SXS\.V&OK8+IFH:W::7K.D PR6

M(6M?SPE\=/OB+QQHNF_$[5(M(TBR\37UMXJA^MXFG?%^S^&NNP:WAWXM



M/;7XEV.N6^A7W@_2=:\4ZYXDU2!O%=HFG^%KG5=2T[[Q_8#_ .?GQV_9D_X
M*1?MZ?&+0FTW_@G%=_&SX?_ +?_ 


M/_!(;XQ^&OAS\9_AK\
_V%O^7=[\&_VGM1^)_PQ\;?:TM/B_XE\ Z5\/[7




M$6F:KINHZ5/J6D6T.IVC00W%Q9--%:WUC.Z7
?\ (CX)_PW_\ P40^&W_!

M!'Q1XOM\7Z3X]AM/ J&=-=L/B'HUW?Z];3#1;.UTUK'5OZS/V_+;4M2_8=


MTU3PH=


M^$M


OA;P9\9?B)X?T@Z9\*KKX3ZA=

M#2I;/X=_\(-XE2.70O$OC7Q!X2T'0+7PU+XA\07








MKO\ @G]X7_97_9\MO'G@_P 3_#*^^.7Q?TC]GJ\TN[UWP[X.\?Z9X9\5Q^'_

O$?
M[


^+OVE/
MVD:]^SMXITCPA\=M+/AKXC7UW\(]4UV]GT[3;[XA)IG@N]'A;PF][!Y%YX\U
M5H/ VEM/8MJGB.S34=/:Z_E*_8Y^O[2E_\ 'K_@V0OM0_9._:N\)^&_V-_A
MM^TI\

US1--TSQ'?\ B'PS8SZ=I=Q=MIJ6
M?C]M+;P1J_]K01:)XCU*YTWQ%;Z)T7AG5Y9OVB/^#NKX9Z3\./B;\3?&WQL
MTKPK\)/AMX5^&GPL\8?%'4_$?Q\??KXX^$//AF6T\(:+K;Z*^J:[KVGW

U[0M4T_6M#UK3['5M'UC




$;

^*'[4?@;PCXM_9VU?PSHOQI\









$D


M


-/E\.1ZA&FF6GAO7KR^
MGTNUU.WMK+2KV\EE6VA


MS7^T3X)N_P!K'4/B[K?[.7A[Q?\ !WQSIGB'XQ6/C#X;_'W1?#J?#JQM])OH
MO&5[?ZEXK\-6+V/AFZU6YL+K6+2TU%+2X6XB@ /Z4_@3_P %&/V(_P!IGXCZ

ML$EO]1T[.B:C-9^)8K'4=/U:;18])OK2]F^'/^CO_!2;XG?7]KO]CW_@F1


M_!9'X%?SQ?\??/P'\.ZA\#OVH/A)\
]-_X23XM:5\
M;T_XF^'[/XI_#KP
M




)O%EGKEQI'_  C_
M -@T?1]%U[NX)M5AU'


^)WBSX
M


M'3M/\17.GZGINJ_8)[FWLY1;RCHO^B_[,?BWQ+_ ,%H?^%/B;P!^SWXOU[
N:#HWC7Q%K?C[0OA99ZUJ/Q1U[P]X!T+PMJ/Q$NM^&&F^'=9U/XDZS)X
M3ATOP#IEA/J/BR[TBS

?V%?^&5_C#^R)\4
MM+_81\#ZGXF\=_!?5_B5JWBV]O\ 7'^&GP[\
:WKI\(?$.W\4Z#IFO76@:$9
MI8]OS;7D6O66@Z=J_(?M?L1ZI\-/VI?^#;+P;^SA^S5^T;;?LZ?LK_ !2^
M/&O^*H_%OA;Q?\3M1^ O@GQ_XA\!ZWX F^-OC?3-/UW1?!-])J
=_-;V'B'6



+/Q-\--(\3:-I=UXQA\0Z-X*U@Z1'X?BOKO5[ZUM

M1K_3=1O@#\&//[?7[??Q1_X*N?\%7?V*=*_:F\(_#3X6_L0? 74_C;\)_$O
MB?X&_GQ#%)?V_A_X7:\-*^+5^]EX9GU/P3IR^-M674+G0=5\':ZMC9VMT^O

M:TV]\*
M^


M?B_\

M[2/#\MI9V)M]#QID'B.2^@ /W0;]M_\ 91;X%_#C]I2R^.'@K7/@O\8=9\.^
M&/A-XP\





M'[._QA\&_%U/@K\1M5^$WQ


M#]AOP[IEY^U+^T
OA#0_'OQ3\:_%G7-3CT?2O@Y\'=(\;6NJ?#OP/H^AWD?B




MUZ+2M


M!)WPM\(-


/@I\8

M-/TC5M-9;6:TFUO3/.
=]J




E:[!8<S^VI^S'^U5X7\5_\'.7PGTC]E7]IOXDZ_P#MOG]D
MGXE_LTZO\+O@AX]\=^?B-X6\
^






M';X+?%;1?VI?^O_ .U7XD\(^.O GP4_:Y_:_P!!\0_L]Z-\0_.M?#S7?%?

M_8IK*[N #]\:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _+C_@MI_RB0_X*+_]


8]?Q)/\Z**
M$*@]0/?T.


MUR/PN/ =IHO@G0?$.A6.F6/B/5;&6VU?Q'XC;48I()KV:2ZMTF/W]10 8&
8


?
M3&


 8QP!P 


'D\

M&




M





MUQ(XHH4:2621VTX*B1QJSNQ.%52QX!H ZBL%/$NE2(DB?VFZ2(DD;KH6NE7
MCD4.CJ1INKHRLI'!4@C@T[_ (2+3?[NJ?\ @AUW_P5M &Y16'_ ,)%IO\
M=U3_ ,$.N_\ RMH_X2+3?[NJ?^'7?\ Y6T ;E%8?_1:;_=U3_P0Z[_ /*V
MC_A(M-_NZI_X(==_^5M &Y16'_PD6F_W=4_\$.N__*VC_A(M-_NZI_X(==_^
M5M &Y16'_P )%IO]W5/_  0Z[_\ *VC_ (2+3?[NJ?\ @AUW_P5M &Y16'_
M 
)%IO\ =U3_ 
$.N_\ RMJ*+Q3HTYG$+ZA*;:XDM;@1Z)KCF&YB6-Y()0NG
M'9-&LL;/&V&59$)&&% '0T5A_P#1:;_ '=4_P#!#KO_ ,K:/^$BTW^[JG_@
MAUW_ .5M &Y16'_PD6F_W=4_\$.N_P#RMH_X2+3?[NJ?^'7?_E;0!N45A_\
M)%IO]W5/_!#KO_RMH_X2+3?[NJ?^'7?_E;0!N45A_\ 1:;_=U3_P $.N__

MH_X2+3?[NJ?^'7?_E;0!N45A_\ 1:;_=U3_P $.N__ MH_P$BTW^[JG_
M ((==_\ E;0!N45A_P#1:;_ '=4_P#!#KO_ ,K:/^$BTW^[JG_@AUW_ .5M
M &Y16'_PD6F_W=4_\$.N_P#RMH_X2+3?[NJ?^'7?_E;0!N45A_\)%IO]W5/


MM#L]1B




(TR.^T76K$R1?;]
M$UFTL-7LA- ]S91)/\GK'_1:;_ '=4_P#!#KO_ 
K:YZU&MAJM3#XBE5H5
MZ

MO_RMH W**P_^$BTW^[JG_@AUW_Y6T?\ 1:;_=U3_P $.N__ MH W**P_\
MA(M-_NZI_P'7?_ )6T?\)%IO\ =U3_ 
$.N_\ RMH W**PCXCTQ06(U0!0

M ((==_\ E;0!N45A_P#1:;_ '=4_P#!#KO_ ,K:/^$BTW^[JG_@AUW_ .5M
M &Y169:ZQ97DP@@%\)K

UW9P0AN?E4R!FYV@X.-.@ HHHH
M_+C_ (+:?\HD/^B_P#V:%\;/_41O**/^VG_*)#_@HO_P!FA?&S_P!1&\HH
M /\ @B7_ 

^+FL^#-#T[6?#]SXD\)7?A#P=XY\
:W




S:;% FO^)/$-YX
WQ6H _<BBB@ HHHH Y'Q5_K_  I_V-FG?^D.JUUJ

M8/L?_22&M*LW1_\ D$Z9_P!@^Q_])(:TJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!&Z'Z

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#D'_Y'JV_[%2]_]/=A77UR#_\ (]6W_8J7O_I[

M_$WB/4[/1=!T+1]/A:XOM4U?5=0FM[+3]/LX$:6XN[J:.&)1RVXJIJ
93E&$

M; 8:G\5KZS^(/Q(TEH['P18Z!H5_J&KMZM\7_ /@DE_P3


^_PH_9_\ :)\+?@M\/\ PK\


M+^

%Q-Q%F6=+A[ 1IXR=%4EBJN9+$^RP^'HX:G/$/ YCA:$JLXT5*7+3?)S



INS#'
MK^W;\.(5\SQ5\'_VPO \(D5'





MT?\ ;G_8M\0(K:/^UK^S9?2

M?Q9^%[0M'-Y]LUO_ 


MT5-WAC]N_P#;$TV=94E1-?O?V=/B#9%C&(+@RP^-_P!G?5[R030C*0C48[6U
MN%6ZMK=)3+YI]3RN:O2S?V;UTQN Q%'M:_U.68V\[77\O





1^']+ATJYU/7-'TZWUW4-.TC19[[4[&SAU?5=8
M)&DZ9IDMQ/''?ZAJ9!&G65HTUS?$$6L4I!J*U\5^&+[7]1\*V7B+0KOQ/H]K



MD6_$'_8$U;_TW7- %O1_^03IG_8/L?\ TDAK2K-T?_D$Z9_V#['_ -)(:TJ




MC$(N=2M6JU)1I4*%&E4KUZTZ=&C2C*I5J0A&4ERXS&8; 4)XG%U51HPLG)
MJ4Y3G)J

M/XT^+(/#?AZWN[71M%TZVMKC6/%OC?Q;JA

M7PUH-G=7]RQDNIQ:Z=;7E];?G_X4_9O^-G[?7B;0_C)^WKX9N/AQ^SUHVJ:?

M97\/:N=UUX%_9V\
+G
MB:W)3PD-O;P6L$5M;0Q6]O!''##!#&D4

42+'%%%%&%2.*.-5CCC152-%5$



MG--)J;@Y)I:Z(YG@L&\5''/89XV,'3CC'0I/%1IM-.$
M_E$A_P %%_\ LT+XV?\ J(WE% !_P1+_ .42'_!.C_LT+X)_^HC9U^H]?EQ_
MP1+_ .42'_!.C_LT+X)_^HC9U^H] !7XJ_\ !3K29-!^+W[/'QI^&/Q5^&.A

VG:GXA^'/B'1/$W
M@M%M?B#X$TSQ2EFFK66B?$OP!XM\-ZIX?&F_M563JN@:'KQTTZWHVE:P=&U6








M@BN/_E[1]E\1?]!C2_\ P17'_P O:W** 



=!HNK;D



M17'_ 
O:/LOB+_H
:7_X(KC_ .7M;E% &$;7Q#@_\3C2^A_Y@5Q_\O*Y?PS;
MZZT_BCR]4TV















M/TK$\)6VO'PKX9

 L$0



:7_X(

MHHH **** /RX_PVG_*)#_@HO\ ]FA?&S_U$;RBC_@MI_RB0_X*+_\ 9H7Q
ML_\ 41O** #_ ((E_P#*)#_@G1_V:%\$_P#U$;.OU'K\N/\ @B7_ 
WQ6K]LM3_Y!U]_UYW?_ *3RU^)O_!M[_P H3_V#
MO^Q#^(O_ *O;XK4 ?N!1110 4444 <CXJ_U_A3_L;-._](=5KK5Z#Z#^5<EX
MJ_U_A3_L;-._](=5KK5Z#Z#^5 T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %87BC_D6_$'_



1F5:
L)A&I



M/BS^TG;6TRW.C^


MT_3[&VCCM[.RM((;:V@1(H8DC4*-

MA@\OPO

Q$IXBMR0@Y1HTJ-*ET9?EE+
M^TK3J5
7C\3RO&8^O9UJ\HKW81C%*GA\+3=_882A&%DG*2C*K4JU:A1117E
MGIA1110 5RWB[_D'Z;_V-/A#_P!2;2JZFN6\7?\ (/TW_L:?'_J3:50!U-%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#









**&'S9W\N&..),1HJ#\@?^#</3M/N/\ @BE^P;)/96<SCP#\
M1%WRVL$K;1\=_BN0NZ2-FP3@9P
GCDT ?M]_:FF_P#/_9?^!=M_\=H_M33?
M^?\ LO\ P+MO_CM


2?PL$T^Q4/XKTY6VV=LNY?L6JG
M:VV(9!/8Y%=4-'TG _XEFG]!_P N-I_\9H D_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO
M_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VF?V/I/_0
T_\ \ ;3_P,T?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^,T /
M_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VF?V/I/_0,T_\ \ ;3_P
MT?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^
T /_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_
M !VF?V/I/_0
T_\ \ ;3_P,T?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^,T /_M33?^?^R_\
M NV_^.T?VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VF?V/I/_0,T_\ \ ;3_P
T?V/I/\ T#-/
M_P# &T_^

T?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^
T /_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO
M_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VF?V/I/_0
T_\ \ ;3_P,T?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^,T /
M_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VF?V/I/_0,T_\ \ ;3_P
MT?V/I/\ T#-/_P# &T_^
T /_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.T?VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_
M !VF?V/I/_0


M (S1_8^D_P#0
T__ 
 ;3_XS0 _^U--_Y_[+_P [;_X[1_:FF_\_P#9?^!=
MM_\ ':9_8^D_] S3_P#P!M/_ (S1_8^D_P#0,T__ , ;3_XS0 _^U--_Y_[+
M_P [;_X[1_:FF_\_P#9?^!=M_\ ':9_8^D_] S3_P#P!M/_ (S1_8^D_P#0
M
T__ 

\=?SX;^.?%_A#P/!X@\3:)X9U[QM<_%?1?!5]\
?#D

MVX=6\-?$3_AE7]D;PCH7Q[_;$U/3(M3U3P]J6LOIOPA_9V\
WQ6*W^)O[37C
M/3C++X6T*
2&[T'X=Z.9OB1\0Y(4T_0=.L+:]AUE?\O62^O9-6?69;BXFUIM

MCZK_ 

M6]0%UJWB7Q+K.FZ=;VEWK&J7UY*XL3'9M;6/E6L7ZQQIX7X'P\RWY[B,?+B
M
\32P



MC3ASN.&G44&OK?\ 92_8Z\)_ ?6_$?QH^*GQD_:&_:[^)=C!:?%/]HOQDFG
MVNIRZ9%(US;_  Y^%7AF&XGTKX2?!O0[F20Z'X\

MG_M33?\ G_LO_ NV_P#CM
_L?2?^@9I__@#:?_&:/['TG_H&:?\ ^ -I_P#&
M:_&
=CL5F.(GBL95=:M)1BO=CG3IPBH4J%C3C&EA\/1@HTZ&'HPIT:-.
:

M_P?^R_\[;_ ..TS^Q])_Z!FG_^ -I_\9H_L?2?^@9I_P#X VG_ 
9H ?\
MVIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VC^U--_P?^R_\[;_ ..TS^Q])_Z!FG_^ -I_\9H_
ML?2?^@9I_P#X VG_ 
9H ?\ VIIO_/\ V7_@7;?_ !VN8\6:EI[V&G!;ZS8C
MQ1X18A;JW8A5\2Z8S

T_P#\ ;3_ .
US'BO
M2M
2PTXIIUBI/BCPDI*V=LI*MXDTQ&4E8@2K*Q5AT*D@\$@@'5?VIIO_ #_V
M7_@7;?\ QVC^U--_Y_[+_P [;_X[3/['TG_ *!FG_\ @#:?_&:/['TG_H&:
M?_X VG_QF@!_]J:;_P _]E_X%VW_ ,=H_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.TS^Q])_P@
M9I__ ( VG_QFC^Q])_Z!FG_^ -I_\9H ?_:FF_\ /_9?^!=M_P#':/[4TW_G
M_LO_  +MO_CM
_L?2?\ H&:?_P -I_\9H_L?2?^@9I__@#:?_&: '_VIIO_
M #_V7_@7;?\ QVC^U--_Y_[+_P [;_X[3/['TG_ *!FG_\ @#:?_&:/['TG
M_H&:?_X VG_QF@!_]J:;_P _]E_X%VW_ 
=H_M33?^?^R_\  NV_^.TS^Q])


.^G6#._AW1&9FL[9F9CIMJ2S
T1)).2

M / &T_\ C-']CZ3_ - S3_\ P!M/_C- #_[4TW_G_LO_  +MO_CM']J:;_S_
M -E_X%VW_P =IG]CZ3_T#-/_ / &T_\ C-']CZ3_ - S3_\ P!M/_C- %B*^

V!QDXP









O[)7

3B/K#R[+L1@JL

MG7PCIMS_ 


M_![0?@[\ O#Y4@#RXKWPUX \1?$N%
;N5^)C29*D.K(#7Y5_9F'I-K%9QEM&
W<NE^)OVD_@['K\
KP-X4T3QQHWB_Q



.;/ZVBIY3@%K:I*MB\
MU;6EE*BJ.4*+W3MB)KM?1GRM_P -PZ3XBGBA^$G[-G[7_P 84N45K34])^ F

M?P;^$D3.!!JOQT_:*G\0ZS;HV?WDO@;X'?#OQ?I-XZ#;NME^*]BIDW1K=^6!
RGE^P67UDEL


+M
M!U+POXF\

JU12JR6DIM7/*

M^I-I5 '4T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-Q_Q[S_\ 7&7_ - :L+P=_P B



M_B_5I_V9/&OPV^*$OQ=^+5EX1F_9XTR;P%XG^(
WQ$^%=WK&E?#KQ=_PN;X5

 4\+W]S<Z/!!

M^9_[/7B+7_#GQP_9N\&:)XL\0^

M=3_Y!U]_UYW?_I/+7XF_\&WO_*$_]@[_ +$/XB_^KV^*U?J'\0/%?QZTW5-=


?CO\
M5\J8_PSIQP &$A!ST!!H _=6BL'[7XA_Z MC_X/&_^4]'VOQ#_ - 6Q_\
M!XW_ 
IZ -ZBL'[7XA_Z MC_ .#QO_E/1]K\0_\ 0%L?_!XW_P IZ 
_Q5_K

'C



M0 X/
MPO0T\3@

MAXJ_:W^/'AGPY
B!B([C_A6GP!TKXV^(+EG7Y_[/UGQ5X/N%X266!CD=JR'-
V'A5D]E%O0X7G^52NL-B)9C)
M-IQRK#XC-5&2TY*M3 4L12P[;TOB*E**NG*26I^@Q( R2 /4G _
UFZOK6D:


MR(Y'LWW%?LC0=';PKI5EH/AGP7X;\.Z'IT0@T_1MNK31])L8%X6&TTS3=!M
M;&VB4# CA@1 . ,5LZ\0 8&B6 'H-;('Y#1Z'C

M5.CET


M\'^#KK6MDT_4]%U#QK!IU[K=]XMM=-NWANTT-+C1=$U[M(O[9L=1T\RZ;-




M&I1ISA0Q$:32]G'$4JJ@DE%))(]' Q^OYGD_F:*P?M?B'_HV/\ X/&_^4]'
MVOQ#_P! 6Q_\'C?_ GKY8^I-ZBL'[7XA_Z MC_X/&_^4]'VOQ#_ - 6Q_\
M!XW_ 
IZ -ZBL'[7XA_Z MC_ .#QO_E/1]K\0_\ 0%L?_!XW_P IZ -ZBL'[



MQ#_T!;'_ 






M%MI[:6[N+8VR*BE8FM9(QY:*L8PN/X'QOT]N&L+XKU?VCP%F6,JP\0(\!TN
M(,/Q%@)X#$5)\0PR&;4:


MPGQ)A


M6)FBU

MWPQEU&;P'X0TCPU)JD%G97#:?'



MO\*?]C9IW_I#JM=:O0?0?RH 6BBB@ HHHH **0L!P3SC.!RV/4*
D_@*^4/B




MD_%0F?\ :S_:X^



M+GQ9IOBZ^N-



M#^$O$FF?#J31\:7I4_B1M*U:+2H/$GQB\(V-FZ6\&K-+#=77A_4-,UQ?4K






5AL)2=?%8BAAJ*WJUZL*--:-ZSJ2C%:)O?9-[)E4Z52K)0I4

?#


Z0R


9O3J*
LKRG'X^




M!S@TVO:7UK1_^$XMV_M73



'@+5XM'2V




MDB.TDB?\(_J.II;^051)$N7C9FD!B\Q%9Q\G_&S6_P!MNR\=:O%\(X_@9IGP



M/CR5E3?-CYY3A




M-# G&&_%' _
KC]:_
_XZ?M


M_9]O3J
7)'/J6H7?[1FH^&99;MI/)
MM=)D59=5M[1I=\5C8KNJ<77XGH\1TN'Z'!N=S56C[99QC<#G67Y+3M0J5Y4Z
MV:RR2OEM*I:G*E$L9SSK2ITG&





M%J9%2P/#M;C/
^
LKS7+


_'


=Y_9VHW'V&]6XL+KRKRVGA3\G_


M/\07\^H:Y^T[^RUJLMR(@]K=?LV?&Y=*18H/LZK;Z+:_M7VVD6ZLA9Y!#8IY

FP%# 91Q




MR101Z&;G6;8M%%+



MZVFHE71(E@NR!')\(GX;?\%/#R?VJ_V22?4_LC?$0_\ OR=)_P *U_X*=_\


M8\%/#Y90A*M*

9DV7Y1AL5*I@


M%_\ HE*/^%;_ /!3PD;_ -JO]DIE# L/^&1OB*20#R /^&E5Y(R.'0\\.I^8






 ?%W@PN&AT:#X<V<TTD/AW0?#J


M%HM
UB\UBVTRY_EK


PXLK8



M_!$O_E$A_P $Z/\ LT+X)_\ J(V=?J/0 445\Q?&K]JOP!\%_&W@;X:W6D^+






M$_Q)KZV


\1T\+QXYQP.&EDN._M'(YO+



M^N!DX]\5^=


MBCXRPWINH)_AEI/Q3\+?LJ_ 2=?DG:P_X5U\)?$V@^
_%UA LBF;3OB?\5OB
M);SP-&MW \;$
J.7818KZGC
XR^GC53E6EEF7589SFSHP=.


\=!M16+Q.'K97@(SES.*G4Q='Z
M]4A.

M+/6OC%\9KJ\V
\5K#\)_A5IOC#QW&\Q 19[W0[.RC)W7%W!$&D'E/_^_P!M
MOXR )\!OV3].^7ANZCBDMOB=^VGXNB\/ZH8?
V2W6D?LZ_!Z\\7^.]0)7][


=7O+B



NLZEX-LU9=6

)9K1S7#Y?RQ]

G).
9
^NI^%7BQCJ%7&8SA[B;+\#2I3K5
M%E_#F/PE.--1YI4IYKFF%J/%.48R5*6!PV78JI/2BG.T3=_X8=\:_%+
W[6W



\QU&=559






*5


LXX+RO%[82GE5#B?



;./$W[5_[2]];W+*?W'VC3;;XIV&E
+4!!;A+
M&/:T:2OYDP
AI+^P%^R*\HFU/X
:+XFE'G




A.5.K56%IJM&E0\*C4X3I8VK5G2SFO@G2Y:



X\V=/#KN;



MQO!?AG2\W-N (+@_8=*M\SP!5$
W^LC  1EP
1/)*

M \&X##YBXRI2DL5]8R'.
31C4Y)Q:P.)PLHQJU$I\WLY4N_$YUPI4H1HT.$L


M03-9RQ:1;19DMOM/VN:QQ'
YQD]S3PH'=OQ=S_-C6N*R/AO%YG#-JBXQC7ITXTX87#\;8W!9
M4DJ<Z<I3RK!8A@ZTYQJ2<IUX59*:A6@X5J5*I RSBK+\IP7U3#\-Y9B*OM)


G*

M_AY\3=

M[+PGI


5Q?@JN92S+'9=B
=*B
!LIX'I8;-\'B,MS/)8XCVV797@<IPN&Q
MT\3C:^(I5,JPF#6782+KRK?[31HX/TL-6=6I*$
/RUI?9W[/M[\8OCO\'OA
MQ\4%^#W_  46N[S6].NI+J=OVL?AA\._FIVMAJEU9V]_P#FU+QGX&\;7'A

GV


MJX;A3P]P.&Q.7X+PXX/HY9BIRE6P%78ZO0Q:C&+QD)9A&EC*L:=.G!UJU)

PP49P



MRJ17Z+45W_V7PFLNPV40X&X1AE.#K?6


MT:?\ /BWKD\K_*J0-;:A^T7I









M?1Q\(



M.OA\$JT
924E'#X2K1HQDJ5)RE*6*O3JUE*
%3HQ515?D&X_87_9VU%B^OZ1
M\3/%K
R
Z^-OVA?VA_&4





MF71_#&BZFMO#/A:TN);'28'GNIYM0UJ_P!3U:]^\+C_ (]Y_P#KC+_Z U87
M@[_D4?W_8N:'_Z;+6O5CGF;PRFID









M[NXGGD_)K_@W%TBTNO\ @BI^P=++)J2M_P (#\1%Q;ZSK%I'A?CM\5L8AM;Z

M]OBM0!^TW]@6'_/;6/\ PHO$'_RSH_LP_Y[:Q_X47B#_P6=;5% &+_ &!8


M;X7$5

G&KAJ]*O3DFDU.E.-2+5U);Q6\6NZ:T/\FSX_?LD?'']GSX

L_#?P4N[_Q#X/L

MFN#Y8ZLJ4ZE'
L+@Z.-SNNLHJXS+L/B)0R:I@Y8GZR_KF(HTJT?EKPS^Q+^R

%A
NKXB/)B*V P]'!U:\+P
MER5JF'A3G5CS4X/EFY*\(NUXJWZ/CN(





M
HMI_)7[(/[%_P 


M*52OB:DJM1N4I3Y4Y-J$%*4N2G!1IP3Y81C&R
7^P+#_ )[:Q_X47B#_ .6=
M']@6'_/;6/\ PHO$'_RSK:HJSB


M1_8%A_SVUC_PHO$'_P LZVJ* /.GT6R_X3:WB\W5=I\+7C$_V[KF_(UJQ  E




M)

M%% !1110 4444 %87BC_ )%OQ!_V!-6_]-US6[6%XH_Y%OQ!_P!@35O_ $W7
M- %O1_\ D$Z9_P!@^Q_])(:TJS='_P03IG_ &#['_TDAK2H **** BBB@



M11\+?]BYH?\ Z;+6@#HZ*** BBB@ HHHH **** /RX_X+:?\HD/^B__9H7
MQL_]1&\HH_X+:?\ *)#_ (*+_P#9H7QL_P#41O** #_@B7_RB0_X)T?]FA?!

M_#'P3=6VDSVO[F$9]1R#Q['/Y'H?:OA1_P!A7PIXA^+B_$CXJ?$3QC\7M#T6

(/$*^%/#?VVY
M66QN9K_Z

M%U EAXF\(_#_ %KP[J+;;B.&?[!JEP+2[$MG=FZMYXH_P;O_@D[^UI^TY^

M_P##V_XP?](9_P#@KE_X:/\ 9O\ _HG:/^'M_P 8/^D
_P#P5R_\-'^S?_\

M@D3_ 
%6]!F\0_$;0O#7AR+5/A7^SE!)K_B2_P!*\0W=CH&F!/VF9!-J5W9Z

&!C_@C1_P5R(P

[%[#'I0!^
?_#V_XP?]

M\8/^D
__  5R_P##1_LW_P#T3M?L]Y
7_/*/_OA?\*/)B_YY1_\ ?_X4 ?C
M#_P]O^,'_2&?_@KE_P&C_9O_P#HG:/^'M_Q@_Z0S_\ !7+_ 
-'^S?_ /1.
MU^SWDQ?\\H_^^%_PH\F+_GE'_P!\+_A0!^


M_@CY_P %9-T'1OOB35M:UK4_A1^SC!IVD:1IFB7]]J6IWTR?M-221VEA96

4



'_ $AG_PN7_AH_V;

'_2&?_@K


M_P#@KE_X:/\ 9O\ _HG:/^'M_P 8/^D
_P#P5R_\-'^S?_\ 1.U^SWDQ?\\H

_P#P5R_\


M


_\ P5R_\-'^S?\ _1.T?\/;_C!_

_\ P5R_\-'^S?\ _1.T?\/;


_\ P5R_\-'^S?\ _1.T?\/;

%=;\.^(-)^%'[.<^E:[H6K:#
M8:AI&LZ;/+^TQ!+-8:GI]Q;WUG++!!(]O/&TD

34M*U/3HQ%]
M_IU]9+*T8*QM=VLUL'8+@LJ^;EE!RR@CO7F/[/?PON/@Q\ _@A\'M2USUW4

M%*[.K
0#\P/^'M_Q@_Z0S_\ !7+_ 
-'^S?_ /1.T?\ #V_XP?\ 2&?_ (*Y


M%H7Q1\76?[2'QE_9^\$:%XMUS1M$U3X
Q_#^7Q9J4'PS@C\
K-IQ^(G@?XC:




MW=UJ=E;7O@SZ:^)'Q8^+&H_ W]I+XK:?=Z[\*_%?PM_9&UNXL]
M1I=^?!?Q
I.!^M+7QK^T=XL^(&F?%OX!^T/Q'\.? _Q[8?%2Q^('Q*^%FCZA
MJOB#PQ\3K/P%_PI;P[KEWI6A^(K[PMX/\5V^H?$N^N/$DFF)HT_BWPKX/\
MFO:G;6/B0:3X@ /LJDW+C=N&W^]D8XZ\]*_,_\ 9T^*_P 9?VH?@O\ ! 7?
MC;5? 7C+4/AU\0?%_BGXC^&_#NEVUWK6E+XU\4_!_P#GQ#LO#.L6E[X62;X
MI^%=-U_XR:-HVIZ/J'A73M?L-$N9/#FH:-91:)+X-XZU_P#; ^ OPH^)T^B?




MXD^$-



OB=X/N=5O=

M$ ?J#D$D @D=1D9'U]/QI%=&SM=6QUVL#CZX)K\\[+X:_M(:)^TW]ET#]J/X
MC^-_AUXZ^%WQ9N?C)X;\7:!\


^OASX-J+


MX?!VL'1YTL[RZMXP#].
C.
C.
XR

M^(&F^#X?'G@']H/6]2\
7OQ

3Q/JEUX-TG3U_:
M1^+_ 











M 7Q'^'/CC^Q?B)_PHWQE+X:NKSPOKDD_A_Q
E[-X:@\.67UOX
^*_CO6_&/Q










M@?X
?#W2OCA^U'\*O#GP
\'VO@KPE%\%_CCK7PPO-5TO3]%TGP[I=SXTO?#F











MC

VEQSSV



\15945@7B9T615D4'=&S1LKJK@$H
MRL!@@T^@ HIKNL:L[L%1%+
S$*JJHRS
Q(J 2Q(  )) &:4D  \G) X!;K
#=(^*6B^([NTUCPIJNE^!/E_P



M36UM'I.C:1I6GZ1!):7$-K;V%NLD=P?-


M;_:+F\N+G4-:U:_U_7M8U*_O9;B^U36O$'B#5=4U[7M7O[BXU#5]9U*_U*^G


M?\$Z/^S0O@G_ .HC9U^H] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?@I\8?






MQ&_:*UZ*Q^#^K? 76=*^'-E^QYK7Q3U?5I_'FC:3\2?!W[2?@33?'6N^//@U
M=7&=;\










M_LJV7B'5O%5I\!OAK;Z_X@\=I\4/$6I1^'85E\2?$=-0TO5AX[\21^8;;Q#X







M@^#7P5T[X






M\$Z/^S0O@G_ZB-G7ZCU^7'_!$O\ Y1(?\$Z/^S0O@G_ZB-G7ZCT %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?EQ_P6T_Y1(?\%%_^S0OC9_ZB-Y11_P6T_Y1(?\





U_5/LVD7\.AZU):7DRZ3J!M@#Z8HJG8:A8:I9


5

JVNL:Q_8L


MJ&49#E%&&(S+



M;:K90WT$5R(9)H1/''.J2B*62


M\-2QF84

M:??ZOJ7A#3K^Z\1Z7I=E=:AJ6F6EI;RS)N-\8OA@OQ3X4GQOX?/Q!=4'_+

6EWXCMM-ET2UGOXP


L%]INGRPR_P!H:G&?[/T^-?.O;JW@








S7
:E#&XFG@L!0J8G%
M5*&78+$9ECJL*-*

G(Y^GK^% T4@93G!!QR<$<#U/Y'\J\*\9_M

MCKG!PR
K#CH03UJ0

EE ]21CKCKGUX^M.H **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** /RX_X+:?\HD/^B__ &:%\;/_ %$;RBC_ (+:?\HD

MCYL]1



.


M4[Z[/




MAGM9$\Z*X7;) R^8CJ1FOP(_95TKXHW?[$W[3OC/X$ZWJ5G\4OA1_P %./\



MTA^P%\7/B%\8=%\9VWANUL=-^



M)T^WU6\T:#X@:)J%]:VLDVE?:_VV@8^]P!EF/7UR3D^YR1V-&!DGG)&.IQ

WQ\U3XAZ;#X2U[6]/^
O@C]O#QG\%?&G[
.H6=IIG
M@O4/V/(K[Q/9^!?'5AHATEK_ $;P^_PB@\#?&GP_\;])8V=YXYN-7^%5]?ZA



X4#=]X\Y)P!DGKD
$?%_Q-^(
E7.IR%Y;HZ9837%S:Z?%)*[_9K*.ZN[F[:VMA#%-=SR74ZRSD2* ?SH:I\
M3?'/P_\ VG_^@]_\-?'VK^!KOQ__P %A?\ @FMX1U75]!MM%NYO$'PD\3?L











LL7FH _ER.




'_  1F^



M?B(VGA:/4YK'Q'I]SX:\7:[:Q66H:!JXN+?1YOOS:
YYR!C[S8Q]
X)]R
^]


]+^(O[7=]K_P 0=&\2_L4_
M%+X

MP\L?#V@Q:]XO\



_X*06^OZD=S




ET:ZM]2^Q-:^)G[0FF_!GP-\5
M/@S^U;=_M&ZWIWBCX[?$+3_ O@'P[;:;HOQ9_8^:WM;?Q$G@_P 0^.WU[4_'

8RW(Q]]

?&'@'QQJ

9O$&E7&@:



M+L-D&)JXBA]7J0XAX4X7XLPT:?M*=7FH8/BG)\YPF&K\U.*^M8:A2Q/LW4H^

M
DD4L;
DD;J5=&96!!(KP ?LD_LJ@ #]F?\ 9] 4!0!\&/AN % P  /#6
M  . !@


MD/AG]ECXT?%W_@H1^RM\&?BC\)_VG-2^ GCOPK;ZSX'^.]CX:^&OPO\ B.==


5@

M3BI5YU:CO*3D_P ;XB\5:$.(
\GP%POPCDW!^+S?
LPR')^)/#CPQXJSC*
'






-3K8
MS$U\55A@\'A

M=)N=-^T]7\//C)\;?B#^SC\3OVF_@_\ M2Z]\=?#OPUU?X#?&@?#+P-\._$_
MA[7SIOPVM9M5_:O^ NOZE\1K36?%=]XQ^)W@N+4+V#X06.D^'O$OP5^*6FZ9










M$

^-^@0Z'I]S#/
M;?O.5!&#GCH02#^8(/UYYI-HR#SQQ]YL''J
X;_@6: /SS_X)\Z]XZ^)'@7X







AWL]QI,<:1V2J-O6_@=X-U[XY^ ?V@[Z;Q /'WPW^'OQ^&'A

MG7ZCU^7'_!$O_E$A_P $Z/\ LT+X)_\ J(V=?J/0 4444 %%%% !1110 444






M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _+C_ (+:?\HD/^B_P#V:%\;
M/_41O**/^VG_*)#_@HO_P!FA?&S_P!1&\HH /\ @B7_ 

M /G?X]:C^U58?\(O_P 
S^$O@-XH\TZQ_P )E_PNWQ[X_P#!/V((--_L'_A&

W?VBX$'SP/$7_!5'*[OA+^P:%++N










?AWHWA?596N_C#H?[3
MFM?!'7?$.A^)[[Q;-/I^@73^$!J'AS1-5TG6KO2-%U'4-(N]4U+4KS^W;3](
M/!7[)?[
 :7H_B
M7Q!;QZ]K&F6P2RO-;,NK/#_:$]Q<2@'X<_MD_ GQ]^T#_P %!/V\/A%\%]\


MUM?B3\
OV0?B%XY^$'[0&NZGJ/A/PS\0?$1^&/[
=A\7KOQ_X6T2T\;W'B ^
M
?'/BV_T&V\


















M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!^7'_  6T_P4
M2'_!1?\ [-^-G_J(WE%'_!;3_E$A_P47_[-^-G_J(WE% !_P $2_\ E$A_
MP3H_[-^?\ ZB-G7ZCU^7'_  1+_P42'_!.C_LT+X)_P#J(V=?J/0 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!^7'_  6T_P42'_!1?\ [-^-G_J(WE%'_!;



MFTH _P!SKS%]'_[]R?\ Q-'F+Z/_ -^Y/_B:_P 
7_AX'^WI_P!'N?M=_P#B



MB2?QE_\ FTH _P!SKS%]'_[]R?\ Q-'F+Z/_ -^Y/_B:_P 
7_AX'^WI_P!'


M'N?M=_\ B2?QE_\ FTH _P!SKS%]'_[]R?\ Q-'F+Z/_ -^Y/_B:_P 
7_AX



!V0$!
end







begin 644 coverpagelogoshrevised01002a.jpg
M_]C_[0 L4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
  X0DE- ^T      ! !+     $  0$L
&%P+S$N,\ /#]X<&%C:V5T

#IX;7!T:STB

Q


B/@H@

N861O8F4N8V]M+W1I9F8O
2XP+R(*


N861O8F4N8V]M+WAA


N861O8F4N8V]M+V5X:68O

Z9&


M;2]X87 O



]S5'EP92]297-O=7)C95)E9B,BB @



M+F%D;V)E+F-O;2]P9&9X+S$N
R\BB @( @( @( @('AM;&YS.G!D9CTB


P
# P
# O
3 P
# \+W1I


M96YG=&@^
S R.#PO=&EF9CI*4$5'26YT97)C:&%N9V5&;W)M871
96YG=&@^



M;7 Z365T861A=&%$871E/C(P

#@M
#)4

#DM
#4Z
# \+WAM




M;W)M870^B @( @( @( @( @( @(#QX;7!'26UG.FEM86=E/B\Y:B\T


6M:04%!07-104%!
M0TED;E9L6D%!04$P=T%!04-'9&UL;&1W04$F(WA!.T$Y44%!04%K8DA6=&%1
M04%!+V=!04%!56)75FAC=T%!0D%W04%!06MD1U9J84%!04)$04%!04%-8VQ2
M4U%W04%1'=!04%G35HQ4E,F(WA!.U%W04%1'=!04%G35EL4E-1=T%!0D1W
M04%!9TUD1U8T9$%!04%!0D1B
T(U8VUL;F%(46=+1TUP241%-4]49V=31U8S
M8D=6
&1#
5$F(WA!.UE73G)96$IK245.=F)80FAB;FM!04=2;&
R34%!04%!
M04%!045N3E-2

F
M(WA!.V
Q2DA1:4)*4E5-
DU4:S).:3!Y3&I%04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!
M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04$F(WA!.T%!04%!
EEW04$F
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M04%!04%!04%!04-X4UI76FQC;59U63)59U9M;&QD,FQU6GE1&(R-6MA6%)P

M04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!0C)A5U8S04%!04%!051P4#1!1D8X=4%1% F
M(WA!.T9!040W8W=!0D)-3$%!3F-N9T%!04%&65=6;V=!04%!04%34-664%5
M04%!049C9C4R
6Q96$U!04%!04%!04%!44%!04%!04%!04$F(WA!.T%!04%!

M045!04%!04%504-G05!!0E%!1U%!94%#34$F(WA!.TM!071!1$E!3G=!-T%%
M04%244)+044X059!0EI!1C1!67=;T%',$%C9T(S04AW06=10T=!27-!:T%#
M5D%*;T%N=T-K04MK07)G0WDF(WA!.T%,8T%V04104U907EW1%%!3E5!
G=$
M9T%/54$V=T1W05!902MW14)!46-1%%%5$%2:T)(=T5L05-S0DUG131!5#1
M4E%&34%624(F(WA!.U=11F=!5V-8F=&,4%8=T)G=T=,05I)0FUG1VA!86M

M4E91TU%8U%2*T))=T5M9U-O0DQ917A!5%0F(WA!.T)/144X050K0E$P1DA!
M57)5&]&4U%664)78T9D=U='0EI91G!G5S%8U5&,5%8;$)F64=9UE70FEC

%%B:D)V54A=V-:0GES
M2%!19%!

M0TE)26QG:7$F(WA!.T-
-$DP9VIN0U!S2D5!:VQ#5&]*5'=L:T-8:TIJ=VUK
M0V)O2GIW;FQ#9G-+15%O;D-J



45
85%U04


6AB-D9X
%A14F1L1C1K6')H9E-&+V-9

M55)P

M(WA!.TA0561(:#%(2%A!9&U2
T1(97=E1F@U04AM;V5L0C8K2'5K9D5X.M(
M,FMF;$(K+T@K;V=&4T)24=W9VU#1$5)4$%H2$-&24E856@F(WA!.V]32$])



M3E4P

VY$9EA/0E$T541I34]-9S4F
M(WA!.T)4;$-/6#@U=D1N-4]J639D1'%Y3W4X-TQ4=')/-F\W-D1W;E!'53AP
M1'IJ4%-).5E4
FA094$K240U9U!Q02LT1#AH4#)%+V]J+VDF(WA!.U%#3D%:

318

W9#9D-&

D5G251J:%5E1G$T64]H;DM'

M;$%'5$%!04%!068O8D%)44$F(WA!.T)G445055%0F=51D)G:T=45E*0W=G




M44U2068O14%A24%!04%(05%%0D%114%!04%!04%!04%!448F(WA!.T%W24=!
M44%(0T%K2T-W14%!9TE$05%%0D%114%!04%!04%!04%104-!=U%&0F=C24-1

M14=%







#4Y-%I

D%6=7)T
39/
35!-4M/;6=:8TEL=C<F
M(WA!.VM(3DE2=6LK9GI





W)J
DII:3E7+T\F(WA!.V913DU45THU9$HQ85=W
M






$I$<MO

G)79V%F*UA'<3)'=F%N<48S-7%N=$Q05TQE
M-'9:6C0W:4\O:58U6EE9
UIL9V%)=#A$4F
F(WA!.V5/
6-R045J345!8U!

E5R=VAM

P.&-9.$DY43=M1R]#5%HR3#93
M

2E198VY136%F4V






&HX

6MA4G!*9TQC.5E)
6Q:
6HF(WA!.VE0.$%)
M9T
K
D-785)&17!'3TE59$\O2S-Y1G Q

M56M7
U-2



F(WA!.U9D:7)S

VY+6EHW
M-C
P;4]/9694:V%39$A$4$DS1FI'47-A1E




M5F]D:4%D=D
F(WA!.VA/5G X+VE!
D]'435H-7I6-EAW:4M01D4X:6AF33-M
M-U103#A58S)O5$
R9VQN:719-5=J;&LU5'HO

M(WA!.V]Y;5IH:D$Y4$UY=70O=V9S

%$V02MV5#-+
M=S961V=L83A937%E;5125S-!659R





C17;'9D47E4




M;VMG

&IU.4\P

C
Q8WE*3$Y08GAE
M;3E







V5Y=7AJ*W11
M3%!0-C=-:7A!4E(R

M97E.


75Q1U4Q159%

F(WA!.TM8
&1V8GE*14=U678W
M=#-
4GEC=4\K



W+T%(34U/54%X2C5X
M6%1F;'(U678O04-X2#5B
64F(WA!.S).-7!54FDT44=75TYV
T(U2E=32F\S
M3RLU1F%E

M9FMT1W%



V3S!#
GI+9E5B8V9V8FDS


M1DQ7


M=')M



F(WA!.V8K8V
O3G5O*UE*;W1(94=X.'1#2U9D
M3G0Q=35
:W=





M03E
=FPU
$9C
M4R]#:%DO03!6



DAI
M8UA*
F)#4DA$-F9T+U
Y3#AT1%=.0C!U3%-T2SAM4%DR55)K84]0.4E14T$F



M

C1G=5I)4W!L
M16)2;5)N-4)G05=(2$-D4$=R-'$X;#A1
U9+=6]F;58U*VPP
CA/;F55-VDP
M
4=&-T0V;6LF(WA!.S%R95AA6$
S5E!85VYP
D-X1T1L.%1.258R3F%90FAH









% F(WA!.SAI=BM5+V@O-6AP+RM):D98



O2VEV4]!4'9M,B\U2'(O5$989CA!2VEV4]W1'9M
M

U6&5A+TQN;750
M53E4:FA7
5='5TUM3U5/


M67$W1E@O.6L]/]X;7!'26UG.FEM86=E/@H@( @( @( @( @( \+W)D





M9&ED.C T9#0U-S(U+6
&UP


S!C82TR9#DR+31E
C@M.3DQ92UE9#(T
S!D




M;G1)1#YX;7 N9&ED.CAB
68P-F8Q+3-C9&

M.3%E+65D
C0S




M
C0S

C Q-RTP.TP,50P.#HQ,SHR,TP-3HP

M=G0Z=VAE;CX*( @( @( @( @( @( @/'-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E

@





#0M-3@W
C0Y





M9#XO/]S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D/@H@( @( @( @( @( \+W)D9CIL:3X*





M;'5M97
O;6%C9FEL97

;V=O


M9F4Y8F5E-V$M.#AC82TT-C%C+3@Y.64M-F
X8S!E-&

M8V5)1#YU=6ED.C(W9#(Y9&(Y+31D83DM
C(T
BTX
61F+68Q-F-A9#=D-CAE
M



M( @( @( @( @/'-T4F5F.F9I;&50871H/B]6;VQU;65S+VUA8V9I;&5S







;V=O(#(P
3)?





M+U!H;W1O26UA9V4@07)C:&EV92]







M8W0@1FEL97


6
M.#DY92TV8SAC
M

M(#QS=%)E9CII;G-T86YC94E$/G5U:60Z
C=D
CED8CDM-&1A.2TR
C0R+3@Q
M9&8M9C$V8V%D-V0V.&4Q/]S=%)E9CII;G-T86YC94E$/@H@( @( @( @





;V=O(#(P


M;65N=$E$/C \+W-T4F5F.F1O8W5M96YT240^B @( @( @( @( @( @



M4F5F.F9I;&50871H/B]6;VQU;65S+VUA8V9I;&5S+T-/34TO4&AO=&]);6%G







M;65T83X*( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H\/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W
M(C\^_^X #D%D;V)E &2      /_; $, !@0$! 4$!@4%!@D&!08)P@&!@@+

%!@P2! D* 0T  0(#$00%$@8A
0=!$PA187$B%(&1
M
D(C%:&Q4F)RLC-S5!87&
'1@I*BTI.STR1TM#55=396-T-3-)3PPF.#A-2%
MM3CAH\/$)465=D=(\42DQ4:&XB9DMF4G5RC_V@ .! $  @ #  0  #\ ZI.J
M3JDZI
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

MW*AYDEBC2LCVL3RN5$3Z)YDEBC2LCVL3RN5$3Z)@+GJ?TUM7*VYW9AH7HBKH
M?D+5KN'F62I@KGJ5TZM7*VXW3B(7HE=#[ZV:[AYE?4M7YK#L6C[ZW:OD65B+
M]
M7YK#L6C[ZW:OD65B+]
L/RU](_P#%^*_WJ+]
L?RR=*O\68O_ 'F/]
I?

MKZRE6D5Q'(OD:]J_24N8KZRE6D5Q'(OUKVK])3*&3*Q6
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

MQ(V*-OV3WJC4/$TT


M6L
=NWL5:R.3W5HW]B:QSO6GJOG%=\X[IR#F/^'%!
MM$OICM^Z9] UMFNL/
KN)<U)\A#EH6_PBOX&.
MX??(NYD]]QE[3?&X+=4U3-N&I\65J+]%NE?HF6M-\;@MU35
VX:GQ96HOT6Z
Q/0YQM3:WC*PDZMBW/@YK)



M'$DL

MA7FWYYOV_1AMJ^\LB^EASIU#\7_&2QV+8UYM^=[YOT8;?Z2R+^I(=E^H?PHL

[LU+P3T)R3W#&%+8M@ 
MYL


#'2/7T-8

MCO@K=
=


M]GOJH/UZ_M2K^3[/?50?KU_:E*X\'G6)J*Q,;.J_%CNE14_7QL0I3^$KJS$
MU%8F.G5?BQW*HJ?KV,0\OV!GVIP[EWF1_PFB'EVP

M


.$15S&#O\ 'L3CKN;:6)E/*CG-1JI[ICKG
V#XG^HFV5CMLI*FXL6S@L-ZY4N$3ZRY1'/K]\1Y(,3OC,62H
MR=WMD?%D7UT3S/Y^_4D&*WOE[)49.[VR!/BR+ZZ)YG\_?J=3=-.O?3W?[(X
M



[@WM


U#DS=N]=T;NR;LEN'(2WURM=



MOF?\*YAC]GG5?*LL'=O7W5


Q)HT:]J)YVO4CV1Z<V[JNQ]RL;NR.;UF_KDXI[

E;_+VJHJT
M2LK*HRO8C]*^8T+O?I#U V6YSLYB9&V35X9&#Y:U7C1*RLJC*^1^E?



3VSO;6]MVW%K(DL+N3F_27R+Y
MC*&3*Q6
M
M
M
M
M
M                                                         +?(






M=
^6F6&)5CL&+ZD?)7JGQG_H)V&L]S[HGRTRQ1*L=@Q?4CY*]4^
_P#03L-0


MQ/.OE\QD
-@[[+7'=6S:

U(S3=YJ


M9?


M_C[ENF:VG8CV.3T+VIS14XIV%GF
-BLSCIL;EK2*^L+ANF:VG:CV.3T+VIV+
MS0IW%M;W
+H;B-LL3THYCDJBE.XMH+F%T
\;98GI1S')5%.0NMOA4R.WFSY_

VLEQBU








]9L/U%P]%T6FXK1B?...KS[.^AKQ=$Y?=:

M
R9@
M
M
M
M
M
M                                              \7%Q!;P27%Q(V*




:]B+

M_:N$M\)@;-ECCK9*
B8G%SNU[W+ZSWN[7.XJ=N;9VO@ML8:##8.T998^W2C(


MG)J=J^55[5

MVRZW7LFW;!FT1TN0P\:49=KS=)G)DWE:G!_F=\+GKKSX;[?,LN=T;-MVPYE
M$66_Q,:49=KS=)G)DWE:G!_V7PHCNK9K+E'WV-8C;GBZ6W3E)YV^1WT_21'

56O8Y%1R.1:*BHO)4

MJ9+;6Y

K5]]KD^

UA[AU

MZLFC6K7)])?
I^@G1OJSB.I.U69.VTV^5MM

MIWETBZIXKJ'MAF1M]
&4MM
66L$7C#

F
M
M
M
M
M
M

M-%3L3G+YZ-^J0Y=\4_657R2; P
](V*GXP7




3-W^/OXDE@?R5$7@K7)QHYKJ

MK
M
M
M
M
M



OJ6[?KNUWH








8GK.[7.7FY?
M.I(3/ET70                                         !QIXJ^B;=O


N2M6TMIG?+L3DQZ]OH=]
U]O

B9T)X2NK:[?W&NR\K-3#YR1%Q[W


MLO IC[!+J9M+NZ1%=7FV/FUOZ*_^0W8;E)&2
    B'5+J7BNG6VFY_*6L]W



08FS2ZF8Z1BO1FEE*






Q\Z8F.9R_QB/Y.=/KF]OZI.)L0GYEC+
M
M
M
M
M
M

@DUV&W8TL8D1:M[]?7N7?9:U2-?L#B3

MY:.3U4]QIMDVF9TS@     !HKQD_Y1P_VK;?O4QI/Q=_Y50_VI;_ +W
1GJ#


443:(Z65]%TL







MNB7^%H/W:Y_A1^;QT:_PS!^[7/\ C\4-N?@3?US_P!L/Q0VY^!-_7/_ &QY
MD\-711BL=M:)$7FK;B[:ON.;

MVVJ46R;[CI$^DX+L_;:I1;)ON/D3Z3C!YCPB]&KZ-S;2SO
4Y?@OM;N1ZHM$



WLK^\UG_
M 
[^]/








MKF_M1^77J[_BF]_7-_:C\:=P_ATOOI^D/QHW!^'2^^GZ0_+]UD_Q9??KF_M1
M^77J[_BF]_7-_:C\:=P_ATOOI^D/QHW!^'2^^GZ0_+]UD_Q9??KF_M1^77J[

M
M
M
M
M
M                                   &

M:52&-7Z4\[J40QVY
W;X+;V2S5S3N


GN%WM

GTVD%ZD_=[#[&3Z;3E\YJ(60PRNT







M-$C6^9KXD7TN.L/!MNE;C YO;
SU5UA.R]M6K_J[A-$C6^9KXT7]43WIS?:[


M?]LIC8HI99611


MPD

W;QW
UK;X:&1-34R
JQR4\\43
M9I&KYGHBD@LMC9^Y8CW1LMFNXIWSJ+3[%J.5/=
_9;&SURQ'NC9;-7BG?.HM

MV*Q%EW#8
?VM9'
Y/?






7WN+9\/)6;TN(&U6GRFGUXTK3


M:H4YS1KJ:GIIQ3W4
/E-L9G&L62XAU0ISFC74U/33BGNH:]($8HQ1O7P;?YN

M
M
M
M
M
M                                                  :9\6NXUQ'1


M5RT[N;C1#2WBU@GFZ61



?4/&YBTMWR

M(YJJJI_R;XT]PY#\7FV+B/?V.R]K;OD9DK!K9EC8KJS6\CFJJT_Y-S$]PU[U



MNN9]F^:V;VK-;4GB1/2^-$



MN/WUQIB^_VVX^^O\ ME-







3:L5F
G1M[C$


Q+;QI


M
M
M
M
M


MW


M3:IO(W424D@                     !R7XX_Z5VC]XO?MX3ECQI_TGM3[Q

M-#M#-R127E


M*BI'145#4EYA


M*BN7S':W0':UQMCI)M_&7=O);7[H7W5[#
Q8Y6RW


M(_L4^D;J@^X1_8I](NBY/9[    .:O&)T\W!GUVWE]OXF[RMU![1:7D=C;R7
D;M
D3


M55$.PSK4GY/P
M
M
M
M
M



F9



88


M           &H/%A_DEE_O\ 9_SEAJ?Q1_Y-9;[_ &G\Y88#?/\ =RX^RC^W







[VYN'(YR






F9
  @6]NNO2[9LDEME\W
M$_(1\'8^T1;FX1WU+VQZDC7[XK2#;RZV=--HR/M\MF8GW\?!UA:(MS.COJ7M



B-E8B]BJVBFV]H=0-F[PM77&W
K




M6+Q5J2


MMS-6N2HFIT
4B)


M$@


M:GG\Y'HE_BF#]QN?X(\_G#]&O\30?N-S_!'S\;]N?AK?UK_VI\_&_;GX:W]:







D<<RPS.^#'

MUKIK;


791:6


MB(;DQ;-&
M&4II@C;1/
Q$
\9PNBY                      .2_''_2NT
L4DG#^,8ZUE6B47AKCX_N9Q3XL[=(NK<DG#^,
M6%M(M$HO#7'Q_6&M-_LT[@5?JXF+]-/T#6N_F:<^J_5Q,7Z:?H&D33)'.'Z
M3]([A+CI7L^5%5RKAK!KG.YJYELQKOHH?HGTIG2?ICM*1%5R_

SV    <Z^-K^X._M5/YM*<_^
K^XN$_M1/YO*1+


M4U


M;Q?]C\+DOKSXC\ED;VZVQLRZ=:XJ%70WV6A6DMRY%HYD+TXLB^N;Q=]CS@&Z





M&V5-3;:35/

6KWIZ43A]$D]AT
M_P M/&DEQ(RU1W%&+5[T]*)P^B7FX/!7ONSMG387









^U0RIDRN5CQ//!;
MP23SR-B@B:KY97JC6







A

BU'VMNY8E_TKJ





MY'

MBBQ


G@NY)+21\

M^*186N[N1-3%:NE$DU+Z#![S;=?



MA1R=XS2]^E55E:5[3DO9O5?=V$W5BLM?9C(WUC9W





MR%MD(XE1LK[6:.=K7*E41RQJZBF0QF;PV6C?)B[^VOXXE1LC[6:.9&JJ51'*

M?G7%_AD'[HS]
M?E#V!_B;%?[];?MQ^/VQ?\1XO_?;?]N/G7%_AD'[HS]
?.N+_#(/W1GZ8_*'
ML#_$V*_WZV_;C\?MB_XCQ?\ OMO^W'SKB_PR#]T9^F/G7%_AD'[HS]
X_P#&

BS'LZ2;01S5:
MJXFT6BI3@Z)JHONHI^AG1YCF]*]IHY%:OS5:K14IP6)JHONHIMW;J*F!L*I3
MY/Z+4-N[=14P5A5*?(1_1:A
R8&1
@                :@\6'^267^_V?

M)_HJR^\1?:(?IGB_Z

M%M/;6Y;6*US^

MX7][%%=1MD:U]%;J1'5XT54*%W8V=XQ&74+)V-74UKT1R(O*O$H7=C9WC$9=


M:B^5.;5]U.)JW)V



M.AF8DD3TH]CDJBIYT/$T


M]R\.QJ&.EP.WHHGRR6







MB(J+YE)K#@\/!*V6&SACE8M6/:Q$5%\Q$?$]OFYVGTJO%LI%BR.9E;C+:5OP

Q(W&V\C?A
25KG3.3_FF.

M%5R_K44X$.%C5QJXZ%\&6U


B:G





M2K)(U6E6/:J.0X
W?M3



]U?R;


MN

HJ'F6**:)\4K&R12-


MOS#/(JKW

MJOQ)/B)V.X?&X3'8NXGQS-Q5T^L4B_Q5R_%=]1Z%[/.3'8NXG1S-Q5R^L4G^


B




MM1(!N7;DV&NFIJ66UEJL

M]$UF:Y

[9JJ7.
NHKJ.G:L3T=I7S.1*+YC);:SEW@-PXW
M-VBJEQC;F*YCIVK$]':5\SD2BE:RNI+2[AN8_APO:]/U*UH5K*ZDM+N&YC^'
7/N^'[F:RWXS3N&1?JXXW?0T_H&L]^
T[AD=]7'&[Z&G] T





GTVEIU)^[V
M'V
GTVG+YS40LAAE=I_WIPW\NMOWYIE-K?WGQ'\MM_WUI7L?]MM_OK/MD*]C
M_MMO]]9]LA^FN6_HJ]^\2_:*?H_E/Z



MS5JUR514Y*BGL]GT^@ &C_%QOK\7^FOS);2:

M
\TOXJ][?


G[+A_9F+26\=


&]B-OTC]

M^1J&W-NXQ
Y$W)F9(
MR)S'XX72IA-J

CT\


UM3.MQ&2[R:JVTS=$U.*IQJCJ=M#-;4



M^+7M6J*;/M[FWN86S6\C98G\6O:M44O2\*A4  -'^)[HO=[YP5KFMOVO?[HQ

M:ZXM7N]:/4Y6I6-RZVU7EJ\I&]Z;=DR=LRXM6:KV#U4:E$5[%7BE5IR7BGND








MWI7NZ_4Q(NAONKVJ;9VSAF8K%QQ*W^
2(C[AW:KU3EZ&\C;&VL
S%8R.)6_Q

+
MI&^Z:S\1VW(

FVT[




HW(]'-



M%])@]Z37#
!










MULCE7RKJ1?H&8_)/TL_P;@__ (;9_P &9;\EO3+_  CA?_AUI_!EQ\Q83^K[




_DMZ9?X1PO_ 
.M/X


M/](?

M

=O&Z1;FY:KU9&UJ*Y4
M:B5\Q M^VEK:YB&.VA9!&MNURLC:C$5=;TK1J)Y![\M+6UR\,=MR!BV[7*
MR-J

MQ1&\:JVET Z%_C_=39?-.D@VQ8R)&]L:Z9+J9$1RQ

Q$[


MWT:PWME-);W
2\V2Q.5CV^XY#\Z

M5#3TT
D





MQMZI6

M#@\X@-8FL@ #/;3WWO':-XMWMO+W&

K3;.U_%)TIS2LBN[N?7+J)HOXE1BN[:2Q++&



M&RQN]#V*YJF=AGAFC22&1LL:\GL5'(ONH9V&:&:-)(9&R1KR>Q4

EITUQV





M8?@\S#[KI]DL8]:KCLBY8^/*.XB8Y$I]FUZFQ.G=RK\1- O^AF6GV+VHOTT4
MV'T[N%?B)H5_T




AM

W91.2K5E:KD\J-74J?0/T@/T
-O&W

MX+^A

M_/TH-SFY@     #%Y3:NV





61TLCY'\7/<K






3]'W3=1N
.O+G<73R%LD



?:1$


YM8VJ    17JQ_E9O+^P\E_,Y
=4O\ ++=W]BY'^:2%EG?Z


M
M
M
M
F-=7

_3:Y^W
MDL5K\%)DI-OI5T:L3[(W%X5MTMPO5*&QF?IMLY;R62U^DJ4EA7TJZ/0GV1
M(MB7R6V=;$Y:

NF+%YM7PF_2I[IW4=M&S



M_P!407K7L5-Z=.\GBHH^\R
+?;
73X7M



EE8G%&3)ZLT?ZB1KF^X?HQL3=5MNS
M9^)W#;T1N0MVR2



M;TK5&)]

M:=Y.^OFC:M//1#1O379L^\=\8G;T:*D=W





MI+;7$;HI&KY'

MY6.CD;\)CT5JIZ44P4L
L




MVD)S7XT_Z
VI]_O/M(2&=2ON%A]E)])I#.I/WP^RD^DTY*.5R$%-E^&[_.
MW:WW^;^;2FQ?#Q_G+MG[_-_-I3

W#@O


M
M
M
M
M  /

M%X*@5$5%14JB\%0_-+J1M*7:.^\WMU[5:S'W3V6ZNK5UN[UX'\?JHG-4_.?J




:5JK=;4


ML/L9/IM.7SFHA9##*[3_ +TX;^76W[\TRFUO[SXC^6V_[ZTKV/\ MMO]]9]L
MA7L?]MM_OK/MD/T_/TH-SFY@                     #BWQD;W3+;ZL]L6




#OG^[D_V4?VZ'!1




B-NO0UCD8_]4IU'X0]_P!O%A\[MC)3I'%C

SZ-A1;ABKV
Y/][@I..GV68VW

3AMVY.VR4
EY
M=2SVM=
S'N5R:5X51/*G
Q.&W9D[;(PR7ES+/:UTS





ZXUKW#;JU<Q*<-;HY$=Q]#6G5G@N?
N%W1&M

M?6S9K]X=





](]MW#7:GVUJEC*G:UUFJP(B_J
M8T7W3;&U+I+G;]D]%JK(^Z=YEC]3Z2&V-JW27.W[)Z+561]T[S+'ZGTD-AD_
M

M[2^XM'647E5UXJ6_#T)(JF*W3=);;?O7JM%?&L3?3)ZGZ)BMTW26V O7JM%?


M
M
M
M
M                              .3/&IL-T5_B-[VL?R5RWYMR;D3@DK*


M-

7^;S%
M]F



7MZTJDV1N&Q

MHQ(K2SB9!;Q)R;'$U&
;[C4-QPQ1PQ
BC33'&U&
;Y$:E$0W%#%'#$R*--





6.6-WE1
MS'*A=6&3O\?)+)93N@?/#+;3*WXT


1B[[+96SQ=A&LU[?S1VUM$GQI)7(Q




;_
W&?V+!_.[HUUU%_IN#^3-_?'FN^HO]-P?R9O[X\Y_-$$6

*4[

AS&:T^R-F[&Q[K3!MDD
M2DETY9J+STJB(WZ5]TV9L;'NM


M1E+O8V6G;#:Y:5+C$2/6C4O-*




M_E9O+^P\E_

M
M
M
M                                                   $;ZC;*LMZ



M           (!^7[HU_BRQ_7._:D$_+KTA_Q39?KG?M3%_C3M[\.B]]?TC%_

M.B]]?TA^7[HU_BRQ_7._:C\NO2'_ !39?KG?M1^-.WOPZ+WU_2'XT;?_  Z+
ZLA

M0K6;VLNX'N6C6R-5R^1$5#] _P OW1K_ !98_KG?M3O'\NO2'_%-E^N=^U-J

M3M[\.B]]?TA^-&W_ 



V9C5
H&;[Z=N+A=\GNNX5.U_8W]2G_#@0+?^

0


M/\






MPR?]T?\ ICYTR?X9/^Z/_3'?S_ZQWOJ._G_UCO?4F?1?)9&3JSM%C[J9['96

N=L$5
M[E19V5157RF1V]-
N=L$5[E19V5157RGZ+'Z!&VC;(       !YEBCEB?%*U
M'QR-5KV.2J*U4HJ*GG/


MZL;)DV7O[*X+2J6D4O?8]R_&M9O7BX]NEJZ5\Z*:AS^



].B/6[S

M;%-B      '%?C5_S3Q7]AV_\\NSCKQC?YFXS^Q8/YW=&NNHO]-P?R9O[X\U
MWU%_IN#^3-_?'FL^C.TK7=O4[;^!O(^^L;JX5]Y%56ZH(&.FD:JMHJ:FQJAK
MGI#M6VW5U)P6#NX^]LKFX5]W'54U0P




_-C11V$4K<KA&41N-O%<Y(V^21%U1^CBWZT^X7=V5Q;4B:Y)[9.4
E5TI
M]:[FGTC[AMVY7%M2)KDGMDY0R572GUJ\T^D;XP_C7V!/$SYVPN3L+A?A) D%
MU$BT^K62!Z_N9O#$^


M^XP\O4JE'O3ER3CRV7T'Z$Y+?&2BS&7A?;;3M7HZ21Z*U;QS5^XP\O4JE'O3



M?





';=74Y@R

T0Q)Q7G5SG.
M7BYSG+5RKS4[4VUMO#;:P=IA

MLK6.VMF:(8THUOZ*^=395E9V]E:QVULS1#&E&M_17SJ90R96*Q^8&5RN43*7






._
;%_%;U6V^9:Q/@3HE(IEIV2-30[ZY$

2![_PBQS-RL+?DY:
N43L?R:[W
M4X?_ (G



8GF3RF2
@52


UKM-%5JUXT0WH;L)
M,24          Y8\;^-P21;9R6M&YY[I[9(T3C):,1'JYR]G=R.]7[-3F3QG
MX_I%MO(ZT;G'NFMTC1.





34[O88




;
MW









5RN]#
MWN3S&;QFPL1:N;)








M(JQK/7WD

)^95U3

M)G_8?M1^3G%_A
Y7W[;^'YFNQ?Z[RGOV_\$/R<8O\)G_8?M1^
M3G%_A
_[#]J;]PF*AQ&&L
5 ]TD./MH;6*1]-3FPQI&U74HE51O$WIAL9%BL




UC

MDCE5R:&
6M84
C@]IV6'NWW
$TDCWQK&K7Z:45R.KP1/J3(X/:=GB+M]S!-)

X9L
M
M
M
M                                                         QVX


*)QBD['L7DXU+F<3




0_)O9?ADOZUH_)Q9?ADOZUH_

0
M_)O9?ADOZUH_)Q9?ADOZUH_



0_)O9?ADOZUH_)Q9?ADOZUH_


0_)O9?ADOZUH_)Q9?ADOZUH_

M\F]E^&2_K6C\G%E^&2_K6C\R':W^);[]QA'YF&V/\1WO[C$/R;V7X9+^M:/R

MTXPUYB[*^EOX[RY]J=)

F9


3NK=.%VM@;O.9FX2WL+-FI[N&ISOB






M8:GW1F/G3+2S





M
M
M
M
M

AW#CT=+A[QW#UU3UH)%

MV/:M%14-63PRP3/AF8K)8U5KV+P5%0U9-#+!
^&9BLEC56O8O-%0^XG+9+$9
M.URF
N'VF0LY&S6UQ&M'



M#&E7.4X+ZX];





5/NCT[?L6_3)9LK;2

7_ $CT[?L6_3.RSKTV$;!
M             
?4IB=W6]U<[3







?C[

MC4[&HB=AWYTXV#B=B[3M


M
M
M
M
M


JX_
M%

Q/5_R=JQ?D8$7@GG=Y7&L]P;CO
Q/5



M5#/[5VQ+EI^^G166$:^N_DKU3XC?T5
_M;;$N6G[Z9%981KZ[^2O5/B-_14[
8YLR&
R6

==/M
A:S6=U'\.WN(W12-]+'H





MM+R!)[65LT3N3FK]!?(I.[.]M+R!)[65LT3N3FK]!?(IE#)E8K
M                &C^KGBFVEM!DV
VXZ//[B;5BI&ZMG;N\LLK?AJGU$:^9





M

:]/(Y$5/HGF2**1*2


M
M
M
M
M
M                                         -;=7^A6T^I%DLERWYOW

M.3ZU36^6PM_BY^ZNXZ(OW.1.+')]:I$R+%B6)G=H[XW7L_)IDMMY*;'77!']

MYL
E?8^;OK.9T3^VG)?
J+P7W2YL
E?6$W?6DSHG]M.2^947@ONG3?3KQG8N

SM5BHM/2
MG82NTOK.\C[RUF9




M)\]Q

:

'-EI_?I'5$


$


4
3(86-

M1$/9Z/I]
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

M'HK53THI$)H)H)'13






VVZ.X?6J]'%]'G

YUURKR]G;+7EV%M


MFL
BMM+:.%/JGJLCO\ BH:8


M<R-S/+ SX<RTY

ME%

SAMJ97)JU[6=Q;+SGD1414^M3F[Z1V%TMZ%;&Z

7R-X^55.M.F71+96P(6RV$'MF95M)L

M45O;-%5%GC14X*BO;6OOGI-R;=6W6Y3*6?LZ/2-9N_BT(]45R-U:J:E1%6AZ


M:31^RZ.]]HU)W?=TU:]==.FG&I[[R/N^\U)W=-6NJ4ISK4J=Y'H[S4G=TU:Z

5W$UVATD#VR-1R(BZ55JJE:*AYL[^POHEELKF*ZB:[
M0Z2%[9&HY$1:*K55*T5!'+%*W5$]KVHM%5JHJ5]P^1RQ2MU1O:]J+15:J*E?

M
M
M
M
M
M                                                       $;WIT
MYV5O6R2TW+BH;]K$I#.Y%9/%V_)S





M#F[C62YV9EDGCYMQV1]21$\C;B--+O






QL0S 9+'8F.WO<QGHX\E,U\JK,R?6^1%1SU1-3N/A#-XX7%VZ6DT-N
MC);BZ1)G(KO61U57FO:I#-X87%VZ6DT
Z-6&OD+-,A<?B
MR[!UKD$NO8-/;I5U:^CAI+-,A<?BT[!U_P#:77L%.W2KJU]'Q38WA#L66&Q
M-QV





ZGI
JU73<

]&R)]#



MK(W]!5/K=B[B5:+QOG61OZJ9G'^##JG.K5NK[$V;%HKD=//(]*IV(R%6K3




M+2\CLWXO



1R4X?9'K/XF3)V]O%'(D
M:PW#)U5R*M48CDIP^R
:=.KR<N/I,YT@Z<WNQ,/FK[

N&1



M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M

ZW

M/QMTYB2-M[RZ@@D5BJJ(Y&2.:[2JM5*F*P_5CIUF+WV*PSMNZZ5Z1LCEUP:W
MN72UL:S-C2157DC:F


UB/55Y::F&P/6+IAG;]^/QFX[
M.2\;*V!D
KG6[I99':&-@[](^^5SN=WJ[/*A+4$G)B
M                  49[RV@2LLB
])2FNH(4K*]&^DIS7




M[?-6.^NG8B[TJYL%\B
U-;1*I(Q9(NW@FJOF/4N[;6S=W61:MK
YJN8UU'(Y



M55XIW=9$]]B.0C.2ZN=-\=(V.XSUN]STJBVR/NF^ZZW;*U/=4%M-N?&1JM-;


M6^BD[X7?L15#!7O6#I[9/6.[S5E;R)PT3W5M&M?0Z0QM[U;VA9I_&;A('+P1
M)I((^/ZJ0



M=\4J4_4/4RT/4C;\S=4+9I$7M8D;D^A(?9_$3L^W=IN
7EX7?4O@@:OT9T/L










N'M6OI5KQQ'?/3G&ON%:'Q
M2[OA:CLITNRL$:(W7-#)+(G'@JT=:L1./)-1D;7Q:MJU+S:DC$X:GPW:/KY5

MV^L
E8O7FY8HI&)[K9-7[$5/231K\;W^!





V&)TC


MB^61R

+.+Y9'(UJ56G%RT1 477EHWG
SW%1?I
M$6R/5SI;CFJMWNS$L5JHCHVWD


3XR%+YUL/]9^Q=^D1N;Q.]#(G*UVYVJJ?46E\]/?;







,M;^QS45K1DDEC-%++
M:N?\!\;V*Y65T<%^ZBIQ2J&9W;M3;F\






MLM
[E6VUU(SO&0

O?K#.YNM(HXI
M9WZ5541RMA:]6I5J\5

MKW44DJI[D;7'

9F=N;VW7MA]TN#R$E@MXB

K/:G48WZWDROH(SA-
MXRY;

C5




MHY6ZF+5OE



MK\+6]6Q.7TQ&M
MUMW%=/D6TMH;;O$6LDBNGF1ZU];6JL:ONL4PUOTMQ;YUN




_B.IN\
;1OMGML25^3O






KE4Q5AFH)KYSM$



C6302(BJUR(]CD7BG.J*A]!Y5C%YH
MA'
KTPZ?95JMO


M\3N'E5BHHH*S

M2ROE:Q'.7LBFKH=Y$1:.7R ]FUC9(                      /
B58I;W[


\:VTE1$^^./C^GOB*W!%
S/]0(


OF]PS+QD3(7B/:]?*KF






;8HU42UA;Z(T3Z1E5LX-&CN

QTMV9EKE;J]Q&/EN5HBRR6-K*Y6IP




MKQ5%F]U#RL#.:50]]SE8D18Y5D1/BNXJOOU^F6T^S_%-M)&R;?W7:;QL8$1W

M                   !$=[]3=O[3DMK.=LN0S-\J









!98GK?NF99-Q9*WV7A)6S





[






UM#-)G'VTDC&O?;2V=XLD;G)56/6.*1FIO)=+E3R*I9WOB

G*&VM)VO7T+.V!G[(]6'7O!Y&)LMAM





M*=IA\9U)L

7;N5$5[98


CD145

MRTW%K(W8]SY.]1J*KG:;I&





M1$1$3M(]@]R=;]W7*KM?.QS6
;UCN


M?'2Q8^Q:Y8WW
T=JD3'HBKI=\E
Y5Y? 5W-*T(1@-V^(O?=\^7:.=M%Q43UA
MN



S.7DR]ZY$625T


M&UMGS2O1D;$JJJ?GIF

BS7EY(Z65ZJJ\^34KR:U.#4[$.+7;J?

M

C8246\SN4E7XRP^SQ57]5%*;CM?!




M[+ W3;EV5N+I[$HUJ








MW-KF
?B[JYD=CKN58XI:L?#!1R17#=+-:N^!Q(O'F8H

Q(8FV\L;EX.;KM^[5'






5412K(Z


;:3Y;\2[O

MCT^2:J41**GK-5%2B4YD9OY

U)I5932J/T*FG3YJ5^A0L8&JW!;4MDL</[9=WUK)%<RL@6)D;)96






\;987I1\;T
S55K<S=JU.
&]MU[SOO;-PWK
MI8VJJV]A'5EMG'X$:+2O&FI:N7M505$1$2B)1#9&(PN)PUDRQQ5I%96C.4


MS8Y'0


;6)!CX)7)&UR-34]5;IU.5U5153@G I374DCJ


MI&N5*GG4[3IKZJK6GG 153DM*\%/$%U


K*KFK8W%Z][U@3CK:O%'R-7AI34FGZ!4CO9&
M


;-))N[I[

MY4^I7U?1S!5:YKDJG(Z.V5OG;.]

MBHIU1M/=^ W7AXLMA+IMS:R>J]O*2)Z
R
M     %K3AS[#Q.V5T$C87I'
YJI'(J:D:Y4X.IVT4%-)51:.0Q[
F^.18KEE


M]/:M=;\%:MM


M]SWK5SE]I]HXJO$'S0YJ*C5]\^):S6\+FVSJJY:T?S]PL[;I+O[ISM#+XWI;



J
[QRNXO1SG5U(M%\H+
M;)DD=IBL3;1P-DE<UC&10L1B*]S
MJ(G!.*J#PLK4X)Q4M9LI Q=



M                      L[W)1VR]VB:I?)R1*^535?4_KK;;6S/XI[=Q%Q






M$L[I7MKY&N0V5L[IET^VEZVW\/:VMTU%;[8K5EN*.]94[Z59)=/FU4/;6-;R


M)L
2Q3RO55;
3





=[I30K-*KQK6M3(Q
M[1S,/6J3=T-K;,P]Q@TQES*DBI</N&W3-D6-&45$8U&<7%ZW;^3CZEOW#'!



BU?J











L=Y')V
Q9O:9OM

;I?O#$R-


MQ)[+:;JWGE[U[N[MFVBNB9*



MW21.6GD?[QAI][V^WU@VATO5-R]0-PQI!EMRQJZ1&=]'
M7N;&571TT+Z[Y74:W35_%/D[+*;VV]T]Q+[;;MU%D]S7L2-S6Y%5T[6=ZS[C



;!E872V5A:5GSMRK&HKG2.F:^&W:V-S7*KW:FH

M6.;(C.PDF8S6





M

M[UUR;DQ:OM[2[5%?))[)K;/'=2(KD=)'H1$?\?C6J\5SE[EX['+8^RN$=HRK


M.URDCUMX

@

;:L?&BHDR.7V9


M9]^7N
C5YJW4JJ8SJ%U
Z:7/22

@1=3)6.EC6/OH8J-=(KZUX4H4MS;OV&SIS





MV30





];G-7K$[Q9[^Z=KN)
MG.1K'O;WCM+7.;5&(FKD9Z#*W;[';?4/:=@UDF^/_9F4Q3U;!9QY5JI!&^*.


WS+65K.Z9&RYD1K6-8FE%;W
MZ(]SUX^LFI?(:VZFXG);#WK8[KV9:Q/GWG=?

MS:^TK_)VC&R7%M;3S1L=56JZ-BN1%HJ+2O

MU5171L5R(M*+S
!N[+SX^S18::WU1*EMD;A]O:2RL34]C'.:E%6JHE4X(?G_
M +HW7FMU9.7*YN\DN[IZJJ:G+HC:J_ C8O!C4\B?3..MQY5V[)Y




66


;.R!J7#('+&MQ
M!&^2=R






=3
DVZNKADMGC+.[P\D
TD3[75+-%+


MWI-F=F[FVQB9


M9
S6



#6

[8579!]VM73.O[


._LB'^<W)QAUJ_O3:_P A
MC_?I3G#I'_=NY_EC_P!ZB
3E?]H;]@GTU/F0\



M[ S&]$S
&.L

D3Y'N2VMX[ASFZ53FDM$3REGL/H]-NS:&1W.N6CL+
M7&RS131.A=*Y4@A9




XK*V&8L((G32.C?W+E8SX;F.=JB5&HBJM9$Y%6^VO=VUA

RN<D;6W34?$UK6M<]SU9J



MF&3\


K9'-545O+BG9S7B:WZ5](\MU

MW&W-G;/NI'R





M[
&479-RC=2W



M)7MBCM;[&5L


MMI#IWH-_=*#^26GVCRET3_O5OG[_ &G_ *P9/&_[&STN^V4VH;
-MER
^VLFL?PE1C6/3
ME1\KEE?[K4:UJFV]Q1R[3Z.X_#3HD63RDC77D2HJ/K(];E]:\G1-9#$Y#SJ



MJ=JW*]XROG2-S6^X5HJJQJKS5$6B^?B3\O2:GH
M                                                          \2
:FJMA=-K
MW&^U[FW'.N2WSE6OEGO9E1_L[Y&TT1NXIJ['.3L]5OJ\^0KN[O\ (7\^2R4[


3@SBM#HSIYTJZ1YOIKA]R9O%0Z_8W.O[Y;JY@96![VRR
M2*R6-B45BZE7Z0/360*M&\_






MVUTUZ\;PNMV6.+S\K




M105T1$Y&99&QB*C41*K5?.IV_@-L8' 030XFSCM?:977%W*U/E9YGJKG2S2+


'Q41?2G)2^MKK'Y&!)[.X


V!WQF+G




-OHBDCC

M

DUL=-(YVEDB*E%;Q*M]F






CXGM


M

1+D;1]JV
V2**1B:TC<^C]4C]

MQQS7[=PMQD[-MM'.Q'31

MI
A:



M0W9LK=5Y=6
5ON;;6




M7=Q%&^[L())M
=6LDT

U)4FC8DB51K6+1M4[.*_


M6=%;6MQ+H:JTKZLKE1/28VQRF]KJSAG1;'5


5U) D20R0)H8B*C


C.ZO)Y610N[Q

MZ]WLN
N'PQT[U\$3KE4K];#JX_9*A+MN=(=[YR1_LV.G=%%3O7V\3KIR53AZ

M#




M.;$U*HB4F:LD7/RO0\




=3]UW.V]I





ME3)HB2T2ZM([5&P.Y

M74^%SNSA3@:DL-SY7JIXB;&VM[B3\7=MW;[^!T$E6)!8JU6/TK3[O/W;9.%?

O;[/M

$N

Q



R5S
MZ\-**:-\(W3W*W&Z'[TN[1S

MFO\ I-A79CJ'BHF1.=C\

MN
;8=/IK]EC;K-;7^Y'

7BYSFI3UFUFT4
$3






N)XKAJ




M]*/1S9LU&[V/YM@MT;#&MO=JB1PNE:][7::NT:FHWUC7NY-SW=CN;*6*7++R





=R-N_O&6DC9W/9]C

M  #X][6)5R^A.:KZ$+'-9S#X/'2Y+
7D-A8P_=+B=Z
8BKR2J\U7L1.*EEF
MUB
+CY
AEKR*QLH?NEQ.]&


M0Z5=






M9\K:THI]M




MVX?;S6N0R%@Y[?A]S(KXW+J6JT?#)15[.?
C5CM_%0XK+9!URW'W.&S62MKF



MNFB5%8B
9&J-[M&]FK4:6ZF])K_8MEAW9.\@N+W()=2.M[9']U D#H4:B2/T

CG=IDE63OZO


]]4H;LZULLYL#
MM[?]A1[





D8C&OU*YR:?5

;3VOD


M:-8TAB1$]:C'.U+R:JI4QNT6/RN\/QGMK=]YB=KVMREI+ BN6ZO[EJ1NBAIZ



U?PL5%5NIMS).J4X:6


M55$3WZ_H%ULULB8:+7SHAN/:J/3%1Z^=$-K[81Z8R/5SHAZA^ AG3
&7/8







8EST
PFV[.5MGE
GM5C;9J^J]LDEE&R26
MG#X


19+:*9NA\SGNAU3MT\GJC6-JY41%TV/2C;6ZMC[8SF1WC<+)<7
M^E]OC)+ALSVKR1-*R*Y8M<R4X(Y4THE5YTIXFVM-G[<OKK(-ALK-K=:6S-*





14[MR)\HM$[



U-XK
ID\7O.*\
MQEW-8W;


M1NHMK:U34U44BF\+2UN]^96&ZACN(5L;!5BE:CVJJ/N%3U7(J%ME7*V2%S55




5-B87R(LDEMJ8FA%=&]'4U*[C
M29O'4Y55:&[KPU?U:W_ 'B?_KY2^8,!_KK/]?)_#&&U= /P!O[K-_UT\_-$
M?Z6U_62?PY][KPU_P!6M_WB?_KY]^8L%_KK/]?)_##5T _ 6_NLW_73ZF*B





M

35?)(Y:-:UJ
M5557R(@*
?KO61?0TY0V3--U(ZC9KJ;DVJZPMIEL=M6TG***-.#Z=BM8ZODU
\<AGYE=[

M=-=3W$%NK6N2!UU*V&-TM%T
5[U1$JI@E5$2J\ 6Z3-2+11:T7B:%QG7G;MG
MX?']

J4KP\IL'
MQ%=7-M]2L[B<A@K:\MH;U?!
V^9%&Y7.D5Z*U(I9DI3RJ3SKKU2V_O^\Q$V

C8JK*YBMT]W)+]1QK0*4S49JT   'U$551$2JKP1$!]T.\

MJ
!\

L4L

M2*7UM@\U=1)-:X^YGB7@DD4



T


_NXEC:QSJOU41'
M

U6O8

\CEVYN)KK_;^M55(Y






M]




C&KU8B


M1D 1OJ!O6WV;MN7-SVK[QK)(XFP




3*K?G'YL=:+

;^3






;'W9N*VP

MX^[O5T6DERV-8GR4548KHWN5JNIPX&S38QL4VZ


M57Z)+MB

MW

M
6M*\?\ :H.P\=/E5WAGZC


BW-1&N56+Q147M4Z+@Z+[2Z==--[YK%9
Z)S'1)ZR.5_/BE#+[@@BM]IY9&+JI87%7K15=2%W%:
M)Q,3:7D<6'NXI&I66U=%#I1SE616+I14:BTK7F:Z/;RVWMW#;^MLS<+;SYO







MB^.)J(KE61S*

M$1?6=Q+'H3N' 8#);M7-7


)N'&XZP


M

M-7=TJHJ.:M['142B?[


MMMW6Q
?8OW#NG*:&V^)LG(LMG1['




+%M</9
V%
MMF9[NYM(F1XIMNK.*\&
KFVUOA
MH([:S8K5U.1
@Y(8FOK\)$E157XIDL[UYZ0;/QBQ8^[BO887M9':X.)LEOWD



MR




6R$#XK&/&V$B6:T1L4;T9HMVHWX*)K5K43D3[J*C=H]$<?MQUP
MQE[-866*F1J)\J^=&)?JG/BMLDKE=[M:D?W/CX)\GM#6US)D[BYL;?)9M$<



M9I1S.'P4H;7ZN^'_ '7;8/$R[3L'SV^2AL%W'B8&-D6'(6


MR.1_P$6NIS4TUMO!_BY9]_;GS3')[-:VBVKD2BU==W*2

M9+J;ADFC:K
:EQE%:ZBI\@B0H[W%N4?[A

GD;6




]
Y<[;8V;#R.R5M9OEC2:17P36:.2#UII&Z9Y*:&_3S*A8]/.I.


M;=V-O)H52XDM9;C$XR1FCNL:QCD7**KFJY733K[/&UVEVESGIJ:XRV.W7M^Y

MC7/5-

;KD2)VIT/RBNHS
M6^B4]=57AK?!86VZ==9LKT[RC'NV!OEJPXV%ZU8R2:BVRMU=[)KAD5;=':D5




M*^YN

[[M9<E%









C(Y7Z::FH]J/





MHFQK$KNN:_5\6GFGRJ2'J1O-=E;)R6Y_879%


MQV[-Q2;)VFZQO&QY*\E;975Q=


M5[VM:LB+;1(UR

M;$WU4:KFIZB)ZZ\%JJF)RLTV
W#BI=U9J6YL+];J;+/=JAMG-M8M5O:MA8Y4


I@W



M];AS
@B)0F^S







#M&214NXU^Y-[MS4^N=J1WT&H=(WM




MYM.?K)P62SW3MU[-C?LK./PK'LTVDEO%$C&*Q:+%)&YFN/333ZBM5//R7ZBH








F

M[Y)(T15X]TS#-]&KSFQ9+^P@WYC\6K%BD@QKV6:U5&.2XD1SF(E:*K&X^O+@

;AV42%V





;XC-O;&LYF




1/DHY;RXE8M8



B/:BT54\O




A&Q


MA3D=VDW.RR^




M3M7GWTR=[+7]6]3CJ)FB-K?(G'T@H7%=?'EV'/?B)NLQ)U$FM[QS_8(((5QD
M:U1G=OC:LCFIRJLJ.15\U.PLKY7]]1?@T]4*4S5Y;GPJVWW3W#='A&_SGL_Y

MBHG
YL\
O63;669B.F]_@HK:\M[21EIDGO9




EN6':

MO9[*R@B@@DE6FN1SI-#E:QK4XKI7BJ)VF^NHV]]M]/\ !-S%Y9-FEGE2WM;:



ML:UJ=KD[SAYQ4^77Q?=

27DS;_OYT:U)59'[.D;7.3UE:BN
M=1%



B:$:C?57F#RQ\7P6JGH([TXZC]$YIH=D['R=
MHQ]FUS+;'01S1-?W:*KUCDE8UL[J-5SG-<Y7<7*J\S [*WQTMN)6[6VGD;-'
M62+'#80(Z-JHVKG+YS6MFY*YSF*ZO-5 F8CF*O:G%%
-XD^EN W1T_R^;]E
MCBW#A+62^ML@QJ)*^*V:LDD
CDXO8L;7:47DZBIVUQ?7/8.&W)L?*7\MNQ
O





MW7BPECF]OVW8VTF6M'RT[UDK'=U##*C?C

E-22ZF^SE5
M$HGUK41OF!]*I+P  :P\1O\ EI-_*[?[936_B _R[F_E4'VRFN.OW^7DW\J@
M^V4U!XJO\I+C^6VOVRFG
5FLKB.A
D^

M



MO+V.6:-^E[FQZ%8CG)151-:ESD]\[O@Z:[?N(





M(YJOI&YNKUD7B_C2G90]7V_.JV


UQ%%?6T;YWK#)#(E8W]RCN[

MCKZUN[S





U')J:Y-+W.1KF/;
MS;](E'1[J%U


M6PRNUQM?&U7
5K%]5**G8GF
IT?ZG]0


AT'WANC
[NOK3

M!.RJIJCDN48Y*IQ2J*:XW-C+/*^(JYQ=\SO+*_W
RVNHT56ZHIKQK'MJE%2K





U[C;6ZGI%<SP6-A;R+$Q&0*Y.Q6HYVEE5<
7-MC<5:S+#&V.V<]*T1S&N?HC5SG.X^3A1#
M.='.IN[;:'/V4]X^_MK'#WF1LV7;G2K'-:L1S41RKJT.KQ;7T4
STEZC;IMX


M+%75_:








M
Z4[S373JIQI7LJ;PB[WNF=
M[3O=*=YI^#JIQI7LJ;NB[WNF=[3O=*=YI^#JIQI7LJ=*0=]W
??Z4FTIWJ
K
MIU4];37C2IZ/1Z/8       !B)^^^=)NZ?H?I2G%J:O53U:N:_Z1SYMI)%\8

M](L=V.N'8F/OHN[3VF-'*CM5$KP7EQ



T;JJG-&2+R]TV+X


F?:UDCO6M&I5M%X]X\AGC1
M5%ZHXI46J?

JQ9=ZNA;*^-SL8S
M@Q$_U\E%5513-6]\EMC8N^TM;'&GRKI$1*-;SI357AR1#I?IWF+3%]'=L7]_

MN'O1&
















M.W1N:XV1MA

M'EWAO66+






ST8W)NS.]1;I
BY(L%B
M
3)-;8FQC]FQMM+/
R&&-L+$1'TI*Y%DY\VM;0@5YM'.[/RZWVX[*.\EL\%=



ESD\K[#=36CVV-M;20M[V2VDBF:U]W


C.]5/AO3O535S5.=5JJR
M?H))-?XC=6!R#G7V'LX[)]I;72]]'&R\[^&:V8U]42'1 VD7P4JO#B33KCTE


UG-;-K\2:-.\1'*JHK%IPJ2ZRM&VE




M.8U'*K6
:VQ:J(VG%7+S4C

M7


MDZYG5SEBN-=Q%ZRU71!.^2)J)7AI9P[#+7=UXH+O9N9R4%C!M7;$5K








M68ZVEO&HYRZ7NOI'1



M9:VRM:J\Z(KG4])L#P_8VS?G]RY5R5OK:PM;2!:K5D4\\CY5I_RBQ-3]26'B

M7(D


PXN)EXEG:6
(WJIB\FEGLC:_=QX'!KW-85:Z*1(



MG8ZC5^

MBT1&M:Q%7XZZ2MMK'/W1XAKG






M




5=NAW5B+RPQ-[';WT]NL



-




M

Q?.LKO*6GM&AZ307-FUCJ*CTF








Z<'EKAK5AN+*6T

+C
Q@\=U$M
GF)8(+&XQ=S:/GN%:V-)(I8YXTU.H
3KV.Z<QT%P_3(Y41_)6<%
+TSQEAC\ALIRV45ODWR


3&?0N


E6Y;:X@?!#A]U2W=GJ:J(MK<.16/;Y6_P <5*H:














MGD4O+2SFCV]F+&[:L

/M+=E_&D6=LKY^W=P





MZZHB.T\UH?5RN1BR



&W_*[#?R.'[:0[Z#?W2@_DEI]H\\=$_[U;Y

B


AI1%188-
\O'L5).Z]Q5(GNK)I:07LM6J]RMMX4JNI*(DCU]
TNW^4^*TK-RDWU1N3PWVD-KD-Q;LNW:;+6&F5\=?:&=ZY9GRPT











M                                                           *










MYS\^]V232;JS

MWEB15^HBN)8V)[C6(AVET:GDGZ6[:?(M7)9
C1?K8U5C?V+4/I3?_M#?1^F:






MU?\ 9+]
XNN?]HE^S=]
_/F\_P!LG^^/^V4X7W+_ 'CRO\LN/WUQY*91
:=J
=]%B?G$<)GPJVZ_*I[OT




M -IO_4#4O_VT_P#[9_\ Z*+?._Y2;6_M#)?^A*&:_P K=M?R[(?^B*&:_P K

?\ ORE?
MJ!_=C9']F/\ WY2YZK_W*Z:_V+)^_J6_53[MM7_Y:Q?[TI0ZF?=ML_\ R[C/


O)_P!BS_SJU
/??^(-O_S+#_/&F*O?\]V__
47\[:8F\_S

5__ *]_
M]N_^F+G_ .Z;_P#:;_U@C-_GKO ]1\IEK1C'W%MD+W0V5%5B]X^2-:HBM7D_





=-A[





5*JDKEIV\6HY*F7

EUIVQ


MSW(W&-A?
UE&ND;

[=
=:/N706LC5CJZ!BJC%1:I6B.XIPY
MF2V)F?$!F9

Y.$!FZ5]


C5JZE5T:\$3G4P_0W9.[

Z)[$W7B-N]1&WV-N(%
MR&WYH+-DD:HZ:1\
OJ



B=Y9O8

M#XTC^
IXQ=M<KA[E5C=KDLGLB;2JOJSAI3FI;=#]C[Q@CWR^;WD
M7M.U<I:6S7P/1TL\T:=W'&U41SW.IPTH6W0_8F\;*WWN^[P]SE[MV_M;-KX

M?)^;*V__ ';;FPCI

M*KM:]C=36\2$=6*OQFMY$K87.=Q\611W!GLZR*KM:]C=2-(1U7];&8.5$6
MPN




JQQ7

U8;E;Q52)R51?DW<D7ZFGE

]O%9O=IHKEB1\RHG+CQJ;#\-&#
M3%='

JHOU5NR*GFH;'Z!8U8=GYC+/8B/R636
M7M?;VL

\S)




;;
M1

Z%=3=I=-
'?YK(R/R&:O4=;V.&MD1KD1Z




MKOIUL3*[RSUVMS
U]L['Q
M3376(M6W&1NV1_Q2![W-2.V62OW5S7:J(E*(O&J*B0;Q(Y2\=MC$[5QMRD&4
MW5D8<?;M54:U[7*C**[BJ(V:2)SJ)6B+ZOXD=T0S9?'X]7*^QBGREW W35
MKU;W-JJ+6NI(DN.'N^0F&VLLS?/5W,;SR=FY^(MEFR5W;ISAQ]HS4D/J:$56
MV<QM\KJ=JF ZNV]QG)ML;




4#-

!#



Z0;8V!;
MQONN\5Z
EOV(Z[8K'

MPM\L=48ZSM94L[:SU




25ZN;%#'\)

K()O9X7S*DK(Y'))(D



MZUNHIVNDBFMUJ]&.:CF*BMDHYKFN1?2E46


MED='):-5[NY5K5HBI))J1VGS+YI1DG92.V=)C(8;F[2B




]YQE
9L[J!DIUB@VGE8*?Z6^A;81^G5=OA\O8





=A8U1W


;(Q:+5%HY


66G^-


M5(UT
^2227MX*BZDXH8?<=_G\9E-T7


M*UD<KI;97<U:KN[U/;&YU/JFH;WWWLS$[TVK?;:RSYH[_[OO9+9S62M6&5L

ZY9H<3$B7+$MT]5+R!VN+O$1KWJQVGDE



W$Z5S4JD;+*^
M1SO

]ADCHZUEB8YM')(NISTYL/Y:TD:L::VS42L3V.16KS5%6FGZ)@_
M5O?I?AL5DH\Y+C\)N6!SFLRMW(V!US92JQ_=))*[2KF2LXM;3AIX+15,9TDS
MNT\1O9N5W1.L%K90O?82HR61$N5<UB59Q[E^3<_GP14]!ZW]%FG[HM;V1;B

O.G^S;



L6WVRQ*U6-NIX




^SR
B7LL:

M$=D[&XM(9E74Q'3Q.C1RZ:\$5W82[*7*9'#7UC%*C'7EO+ R3FB+*Q6HO#R5
M
TJ(J47BBG
VSNE
'1GK5MGN-P-O++=GSACVVT\'=2L@BA2=C5D1[F/=W[86

U+:Y8K)'MTI7A#(Y42E3#_C=



B^JR]A:C*\.

MUR+IHC7=OD*



3'
M?V1#_.;DXPZUHJ;JM47G[#'^_2G./21%3;ETBI14O9$5%^]1&)RO^T-^P3Z:


ENK)17]_

679Y)7TVS&%QFX^\S*1-LI(7

MRL^4C5'





M5K\%&RHGN5[:)Z?(US&


CEU+*LZ2:J43AW:*Q4






.:U&T9&VIL.V




:BL54I3X2\$


ME:HKI$UZD]


&MR
  'T)S0^'U.:&X.IS4V_P!(


M.*KP1!I0]



MQS[AN)&12M;I5%F?W+HG.[6K;VLJ_J_.;0FMDQF&[M55&6]N[6KF^JKW(C7*


MW)Q2NFZDBX?H5
_LZ)\^4U-;J6%BO1*T75P;

%R1OO[F&V254548LTC8T<M.-$U5,KMZT6_R<<*+1OKN=-2H


M]HBAHK$;J=W2I1&J^B\/-HT$\Z_99L^ZK;#0M=%;8BW:BVJM1K(Y;BC_ %$3




MQ
C%)-C[J&--4DD

MU^SK)I5']WIUZ7-5R+IUMKZ3X7%NZK*=J'7?@ZWO\\=/KC;=Q)JO-NSJV)%Y
MK:72NDC6J\]





MNA%8G%.:IS.K^K_22XBZ2;/S&Q


M\]8.A?=W6)A9;7CX5MW-D=JA1LLE7

MB5.]:_O-*(W7Q\G:F$Z%;LZT7F[K;%9A+V[V_&R5
A+D(51T.F-58J7$B-D5

RF0O;)
8Q%H[O+2


MR9C9Y;/)WDMSAI((GR








'@







3

IIF?;QS2I3R22H]_P!$'TJDL8QK&HQB(UC4
:*U^.L:1)5]/J4TJAI6PS.
BZ
M2Y3$ON&ID9\K#+%;?'6-(TJ^GD32J&EK#
XR+I-E
2^X:F1GRD
L5M\=8TC2
<QEWU9YV1)<TG;&BJKHW


M_-]_9DO\X@+WPX?WXOO[
E_G$!DO!]_F7D_[%G_G5J8+


M$2IA


\AF9Q:YG?5U)YJ<


5\3$%_CI4NK.YW'WMO/'56OC6XKK;YJ<:EEC



M9S X+KED
MGHFS8RTR65=)&^))VK(K;AL/R:HJ+29S%\W
S6PM[[DR\&[;*_

B]5:Q


MLV+AQC8Q?C+P

K#NBSOIXY+=^!R
BL9!!%ZS8N'&-C%^
O S_ $UZ


M_:ME]HHQ'^3^?_M.T^U48C_*#/\ ]IVGVJC ?^'_ '5_;5A]HXW!X7_[@W_]


M7?JQD;EF2M%1%8]\2*YOO\3SN6_REE9XBUM[M8[V\NF0SRJD3I%C2)[Y5:U6

MG86%FC6K2!RQ1M;1JO5SZU5*^L[T)34?57K/U;BZI9C;VR\MO;LO/9KSMX


M










M7.8W(



JJHY_?MU*JMYJWAY#5#





MJJ\.1E


M/E;-EJ[AP]VI*&
;&QK&\&M1$1/

OK!KG=U


-Q[KI_K.I5MM/;1L;5.+8U6KD5#%=)\?











MY8

M5B]NI


Q
M[=JY%2J^NK5[6\B
Q=





'W9+<Y/%8BSE5.]:W(2R


]-_X^)K=OP6UNJNTLO+?
M%6'?L=RX7BVZS,5/+WG CNX.HVP]O=XW,Y^QLYHDJ^V?,QT]$X<(&JZ5?<:1
M2_\ $/TBLV(Z3.(YRJJ,C2X:KJ?4K)&QJ^^65_XC




MC;6GB'W1:OGMW7=K;RK1\

;5%=J1'*CH&ZG\UXN





MZ]S^1]?*9.6FJ21RZWI&U$:V.-7\=*)Y*UHA

I!%J^#&Q.2-1572A+3DG)<              %2J4\0O$

U-5O

MTSWG:[[Q3D@VAF;ID&[L:SX$5U



/=HN
O6W;%_B=PY&S0HB^K(J*


MK




5K:Q/G


LNTMW(V9&51S5


RXBVL
Q:LLG*JR5






MMF



6Z7&V[?(6EIE6]YW:Z;GO'4]


M[




MMKB*YMHKB)56*9C9(U5%1=+TJE47BG!2FJ*BT7FG/M^D6Y2*@        /T4


N2WGDD5'6EUD&PPR(M:NA=*]WFIIG89VTI[-%3DK&K[

MT5:
MW#D9PYHWXR^XWB?GCN3


MT0U)N.Z6YS5U

1A5;(Z&\N8

:F0RL
+T58=2+



ML44EWB&W!\\=2;MC9&2Q8V&*S9)'7B[C/*C_ *YDT[V+]B9+?=TLV4:BJBJQ
MB(KD[5=61U?.CI%;[A).M6;^=-^W+&N8^/'Q1VK7L[7+6:5'?7


MM'L5'-7R*G% BJBU3FA[AEDAE9-&NF2-R/8[G1S5JB\2O+D+V6/NY9GOC^I5




MIP?$UJ:&5\B]Y(USD[*)VU1-RX#;-]L3ISG
]E(E@RU_:Z8(473-;L?\C#J7
MXK^^G9(]G8C4K1U42?[;Q5QAK*197.CNYV.FD;1%T
:FB-J\.#M
MJ\2#RRJZ5[DY*JJGH-





MB[:T]6L
;6/5O)7(GK.3[)U5.XMGX%N VQC
.B
1UE;1Q2K'70Z5K4[QZ5HO

%8
M                                         ^.2K53RF+W3M^TW%MO*

UZ.IQT\E\Y;36\<O%U45.U.8+4Y%,8?JEPY





MVM1['^GVAL3?U1


M(8GV[WV4BM8FE-5$GCY)\5B(;XP/BRS]I:-@RN!M;YT:(UDEM*^T]5$HE6JV
MX2OHIZ#[4^K=+V-^B9G)^./*R6KFXO:
%K=+\&6YO7W


+E=R7SKN

-G;IG9;N=)<2-5*.
M8Z=4;1J^1K6KY55.!\J&3JQNE$J?.F7B5W+T^VBFW



M1WTA4\.E59$?3EV&O=U=;


:W;





M8V

M+W3O56JI3C3M
9LOISUFVAN3%[LM]IY)?FJ=EP^)D2K(^).$L?=I5_KQJYO+


MR8G 
*L6Z[N]F9!BUHCG


W7L2K86WKY%\C5
ML9V5_7.0V5X=;6:?JUB)8VU9:QW4LR^1BVTD2+^ND:$+M5HE3OE[D:U7+R1*


UM/;HV25ZRJYKGM;


M5/1WISY)X

MK6LURW'=NB55:O!&Z'41/




L]T0Q&7QN&L7Y*XA;A[=;9CT:QRR(KM6I4X46M3WNCPT[?S^'V]C)
M




E6ZCNW6J(S3KC5KJ:J


-9SW%5F;;7]HQ)4=%
BM6K:.T.T





0VST7N[=.[<K%

M


W@TR-Q+%F_9N]F5
MK$='[+(LC-*46M7+QJ9'$]$
-C]N9O!ID;B6+-^S][
K6(Z/V619&:4HM:N7

MMFY#;*9*Y?'?W

'+B;.YDNV3
M7#[I\LJ-:NI[&

HB-[*1

HB-[*1H3'I;TUQW3S;LV$L;N6]





91R\D2GK*SR&G?#9UPVKT

MS)Y!K[62WB8]E'L9$U'5D:Y%U)V(I3P6X4=CH);N%T5Q=/;2!BJ]6JY$2BZD


MO'7[=
D2
1OUJV?T3


$EPU6\=?MLS8V
1/+JM%]\Q6





MZB=JT0UKU$R=MC/$/=Y*[JVTL

#AOD]S9J9D
M;G-3(JLB^MI:B01HY4]5W'CRKZ#Y@EEN-SR3]WW:374TL3'41VA55W%/+IXK
MQ

*E'Q0
DDZZ[C:U*N7V%$:G-56
MPMT2A;^):WGGZSYQD:^N[V)K8ZI55=9P-2B+SXJ1/=SX_P H^2@2!99YG6Z0


M1D




N6


M$Q4$-QELG=

#:+4O.IO3C(;&SD.&O
M;V*]N);9EV^2W148SO'/8K.?-%8O9R*O4;I]?;/S
6*NKV*\GDMVW#Y(&JC&
MZW.:K5X\_5\G(S%ZLBY:3%L9$KHX(KA[W56K9G/93LIZT*]I;7MNY)XIFZ8W
M-6K7





MQN;.RW9#%E



M3A7?/0WQ(667R=ILC.P6T%SICML+D



=-2JO!# ;KWUM_:
MZV\626YEO+UDTEC96=K/=S3^SZ-;6MA8]&K65C4UJU*KS.;-S^+?=#=WON]N
M0P+@HD=!%97L6K6U58JRJZ*5CN\]54^%I3LKS73<&7W%'G&;@M+UV+RD,+;.
MW;:(UUO#9,:C66D,4R2,[EJ-^,RNOUCH;97ADR.TYY]Q3RX_
S
;+CD8]$5
M'JBJK+ACF/TL^#2GKHM55$^8'2]4










M)P=[F



MW!=



MH]$U:UAES.3=


M1UAN


C7-K

GP6(D




SF[-8-U;MR%[J1$=#8MALH%1%JB/C:


;F*W3HD;%%*^1.*UU/T_6\#+




/M#'3[NS#51)8+;5;6T4:4]9U


MT_XR\8VHG%.;DKSIV4\Y$63]1MT;ZGWLU&[9O'8E
/;6UFYMW)% LRW#G/EF














A!;O?6*5:1S-14JJ=G/@M#+IL&S@R-


M\+MVVLF-E5RR3.1-4CZJY?)Q554FEE8P6D2

B
M5&:+D  *B+S0*B+S%$4'AT$+OA

-[&V*Y91%1[&R-E;S3A1\;5



M
&9

MJX*3.Y^TQK:I'*^L[T^+$Q-3UK1U%TI1*]M#&[CS#
/A;K(.34Z%OR3%[9'+



M\)RG^]6__5CXNS+)?_R%?W9G\$9[9?AUVQM3

XZ55/=
UM/


MO?1J6E$34[D4;W8L-Y=27



K%I556B5B7AQ
M+3\TG9?X1E?]YMO^JE'\G-C_ *B3]TC_ ((MOS;-K_Z[)?[S!_U8H?B?9_U?
M_P=9_!#\TG9?X1E?]YMO^JC\G-C_J)/W2/^'YMFU_]=DO]Y@_ZL/Q/L_ZO
M_P#.L_@A^:3LO\(RO^\VW_51^3FQ_P!1)^Z1_P $/S;-K_Z[)?[S!_U8?B?9


M[&-B_1/4?ALVNCD7OKY:=DEQ$YJ_K(8U^B5;?:5BU]78YJHGU4C?^+&U?HFP
M=I=%MC[8NTO



M[QR^:N-!FK  #ZB54]1




M%*E:PVC907L





B-EO9&MCEG5*K!:6T2*



M55Y ^Q

M]:]U+KX)$]RU:[XCO


9!T1V;;VU]%;27D$M];OM?:V3-[Z&.5-
BPN5BHQSV*K5
M=151%X4+/ =!]A8*XN;FP;=-N[B!]LRY=-62!LK59(Z!R-30]S55-7-.RA2V
MSTJV)MK*+E
/C4AO=QQROEEFT([@Y6)*Y^ESDX*O.G#DJDM]FB\Y/S
^DW
MX5E_]Y@_@#&?FR]





MPY(2:^OU=*C8E]2-46OE5/T#F/KUXAKS-;LL\?M6X1
%MV\BNX[EJJK;R\MG
MH]LBTI6*-S?43M^%]3056N1R50R5O.R:))&]O-/(OD.I.GF_
/OG:EGN#%NH


MIP1K6MHB(GD0 %0

!/)!XP]Z/8U'?^Q(4=54:E



MNI9&



MLZ:H9\]+%(VJ\6ON=*\N/:8'J5;6MYX@LC9W3.]MKK
)!*SCQ;).C%3R\E*&





]9N




M[IYF

/N:]D;\W8-TC)8=*K(LE[)##$YM.QKN



M.QBQSX.SE2+(7
-K-
IQT
KP4PCED=N

M B;T_P#XXRB__P!UM_\ NVW-A'2)T

MUF$CN



M2/MVHKD^+6O!31


A+.L\]S&LKKE%5'L8V-(

M


M162
5=B





=J6G!SD

_N6T5[\/@84V[BYTE:^&:=9/:

MS_3GPAY3(0)?;YO)
3$]%[O%V2QONNU$=)

]V;


:GG7CQ7BO%:
MKS

:Z+NTD_P!(BZU:Y/@4

V]U3N;7(2Y



UG?7+YFQ]]I


MYR_5_-7L%M:V]C:6\6
:D&#N7Q][=VD#'6W=)WB=W#)*V*QBA=
L.I[*M7U5




,Z;[87,W*L:RXFMH_8V(Q.#
M%EGDC61W'FLE$^N(_A^IFPL=)'B.CFT4W'?O1D=^MAN.ACBB1R
==7L\57N

FD33)+9VL-NYR)V*Z-K55#*F3
F98
CA3$R7ENWN)LW+-E;AR)Q[^_<
ML[OUFM&I7L1#\W-[;HGO]X9V^5B,==Y[G<Q*T19)WNIQ\E0G(XI@Z:[IQ/7




G!6R*^FE4;J3CVG2.U-T;;O\ :]A/;7EO;VT
$3+B-9&M[A&-




5[(&NKIJR+5(Y%:OK:.2HJ&G]SYQ

M90K2G=JJ5D7MXJE$]WFBH1_-W3+^_AQL='
B?JDD15JCT1R*U.SU6K[_ *#9


HG;QX^\I&

21R-UHU5YUY(



M9[3CDN8I%5[FH^-.QU4Y$_7IQA;ZQCN&.5TKFI)')P5'(Y*HCN'%%J?&N5JU

MM95&0QHNE-2)Q57*JJY.-%\A^BN!S.

MB\E.X






M77(L2=OU;50-QER[33(.]:FG@SM73_JO*@_-=Z;?Z[(_N\?\$6N;L-S8C%)D

?)&YJK/%U'M=ZL:N[RG'32JI2O.OW4JUM?:7Q8MT





VTS



MW7&4N
U%9Q8RP=[*QUM&]KGW-45U%=(_U6
Y^K\9/(I3C9/'=NB?
^5&-J_6

MQ&=0-X;BNL1:;PR4$5K%)

T+L5F_MW;ANL3:;N
MR

5M%)






MSGRXF9PW5]
T*BIH:JZ6<^7$SN#ZV_.F[L

M)157V9&:NWAZU%\IB\7UTN
G=
99;:EN;=\BL3N;J.2YHE%K[
C-7;P]:B^4

M!P4=Q:
MEIB+ZSPMOB9;[<EQ#')=8U)F1,MI)(TD6
M*2=R*FIJ+Q]6AYVAUOP&;M,G+D;9^(N,3ZYN87N[Y%B:Y&*K'(UBJY'N:W3
MIYJA\VEULP.:M




BJ














3H)YUC9WKHWM5CFK


M3VTR.6B30Q3

M;





Y%6*-%1T5HCDY
['2=BOY)R;Y5%0

/M[(92VLILE











M:Z%6J51 53+G90
M      

GI3;]W=Z/TBVW!A+B?')';N?-(DL;E1S

56

F/738^;

[+ O8V*LKF+$YRJJ<-:.I]2[ZWM



M.Y]K36SNA?4Z[Z\7&?O


MTNO+G5$VK7?)Q(C(W53ZIK$X=@L\5D692ZF=$[0ETKXE56T5CG:ZHOH4IW/1


M #B8YJX6YS#[YETDT=%A67O4X5JBJG#TE;.] M\93K3=[CDM&?
S\FEY#
DK
M458VO[Q*ISK4HXG!W%ME\M=3HWNKNY9/;JBUX)&UJU3L6K:%2RPEVS+WD\D#





MO+I]8XW;5DM_?6^5ANI(&OCC5(FV\\:N19'




M'N=$Z./UU[MTC4];4G/L*WAYVEN7:&P$P^=M$L[MMW+)'$Y[7N=&]&NU+W;I






MT=M-;)'WT:
C;\MQ=7N'+5#-[/SVWLI#=
P]XMWW+VON/DI8=*R)1J4E1O/N

M2.PW5A5L
=KV5Q+MZ6SA5_K2VN+L?9GRJB<*_)P,=[KCYM_?\ @MOW4-SB
MNGO\=8KE3(W^32XFBU-5KN[E?'<R-16K2C$2I#,ITU\0.Y+B!N?Q^=R'=U;#
M-D5N;AL:+Q6FOO%:B^9SO\ J5A[:!T]MAL]D+CU6MMH
)DHY'(J_5W
%O$B





M[+





M1/03BUM;6TMX[:UA9;V\34;%#$U&

M@MXFHR.-C$HUC&-1&M:U$HB(52J52J
M    % !:P7ENU_LKG)'*SU6




M55SG*B(GI
'G]T]&%G]OR#L;DKWXKHH674SU1.*K&O]S4IKQQ^;N)6VMG!
M.^21:


1)'


SN

MY#IG'V4-G;MAB;I1J4.A+*TBM8&Q1I1$0VI9VD5M V*-*(B&9:U$2B%R5RN?




1W+KNSE=%




YRVM?9(F

M'
B=!&E+5S]2NC9V

3:JG#DVB(9J+$0-F?=WJ]]<R45SUX<DIR2B)P05/DMZV--
?!#


X^2=C$C1%U12M


MRMX.H7EGE(
EC/;
6^.=7QUB:Y]&I(K=2
E5B/5BI5-7!53R&$GCG8CVHB-F
M1%TH^M*]E:=ATBWQ5]/FHB)C
JB)R3NK;_K!@L/)N[$00PV%U;QL@G6YC56Z

MK[AYAEN8&-9$UC6

MJON.*.21M%7N?)



ME?W*V_ZP967-]0)+Q;OYQ@9*KHWJC6(C56&Z6]CJWNZ+IN'.?Q\M.7 NI.@?
M4^2595RN*:JJQ51'34^3D[UO^@['JJGM;N^5VKU*\.WR+J3XOE'YUNP/ZMRW
M[E;?]8





MI5:([G0MLG#=3XV[AM'-9=2PR

M!*RVD?72V1S%1BNI5:([G0@/2+I;D-E2Y.?(7
-B9$L&KU6L5RNKJ1O-7)[QKSHYTHR.QI<I/D;JZGOFPQPK;ZZ
9&


M3QM#I?E


M+G)VD^5O
0PUGX?]QW.3M)\K=XZR
M@@5JSR8Q)DEDTNU5TN9%&QW8BM1$3R&'M.@NX;G)6LV4N\?9P0JU9I,:DJ2R
M:7:JZ59%&QW8BM1$3R&$LO#GN:ZRMG/E[S&V-O K5GDQ23)-+I=JU:7,BC8_
ML16(B)Y1[AZ4;LO.I*[PQN5M8422)\3)F.<]C61-B<U&Z7L7@BT)%N#I5NN
M[ZCKN[&Y2UA1)(GQ




-\YTLEGE
M4E5K'O;1U.[;)J1%]9O*G+TW-AT+G9M3+6-Y?VZYG)1LCBGMK=D

38Y63:%







-)T7ZD7.V+7;M

M+:-)%17/5RJY[^Z:Y517K1/.867H;U/NMJVNVKG.8UF*L9W3V]K&DJHKGJYR
MN?)W37JJ*]U$\_H-N6V#?9;4M
+;N2MI;0VR.3@B]TUK57W:&VK;/LMK6F&
MMU2MI;0VR.3@B]TUK57W:&U;?OLML6N'MU2MK;16Z.3@B]VU&JONT-R6&$7
M';6L
D+6M=Y_6TFK<]X<MOYS
7F6OVS.NKZ:2XE1LRHQK









MF/3Z\YZW?T-ZC;75\J6?SUC6\KRP19'HGU\-.\;PY\%3ZX'ULS%[:+Y%+S;W

MU![)W;75M=0

MC+FYC1&MG:^2&16I\5SHG

4GPVU5.T'QT3'(B4I3E0P6[NB&S
M




MPKPY\%[/D=C&U%U+J54HG904/C;=$6JK5/(6.WO#(EMG([C
Y6.\Q4#]?LT4



^ALU<Z.Y5[F7O?36]TD:L5=5.7P?(A[]FAT(Q



MDO+J1=


M



MPD;D?C
;*VGM;D_TLB+_ *%%Y)\?['X0^S




BZ


M
[N[)=






#N#*;U1\D.W

M QDJN1/LT





HW(XVQ5GP?9XY'*OV

$


M:]C(8HV)[B&%GV)U1R#6KD=UK'*B45;626%O!U4]6W9:UJG-?ID?F\
F^'KW
MESF+!9'?5[[IR\O*L52S_)!?(NJ:ZMW5YJ[O%7EY5:8?PT[XE59+K-6+Y'

M3Q




M;KS]M/%)AX[:WC?D&2




MB[Q6

QR5[%
M\R\!KT8W8VYTQ=1<S'C6N^2MM<O?-C[&K
D[46B?\G3S$)7I'NE+C3'O_+L




M_$YL+N6IC=@XJ.?M?):PS-3]3IMU_9&O

MQ)/QYZO7\

M=Q1JQ'(Y&NMXFMC=1S4TJ_50U-O?Q%;XW+;/LW7LR6SJ(C5[N*-6ZD=1T$34
MC?1S4TJ]74
&SISU W1




MR=K4;ZRT5]*\:5=P

]M]M6\K
MU1$7VMTUVWA]9</E8GN(9EG3KI^QNE-M8M43RV=NY??5BF6;L'8K4HFW<;3S
MVDK[ZL
NW8.QFI1-O8VGGM(%7WU89K\E_33_6%_P#A]K_!GK\GNP?\-8K_
M '&V_:'K\0]C?X=QG^YV_PT/OXB;'_P[C/]SM_V@_)?TT_PEA?_ (?:_P &

8QC$TM:UK:(UK42B(A4/9[*@
M                        !:WV
L[V-67$39$7ZI$7Z9;WF/M;MBLGC:]%
MYZD1?IEO=V-K=

MJD*O.C6Q[AZO7#6*N7C5;:)5^U(]+L/%U7N8VQHO8Q$3Z19_
V-1RN;;1(KN
M:HQM5^@7.%Z2[8Q6EMK8P01(NKNXHF
;7T-1$+W%=-=OXY&LM[2&&)JU2.-C

MS57NVJJ^9!R+!]F^-Z/95CV\6N;P5/=0P[\9/;R]YKHI&+ZKV*K7)Z%3B8




MC1&^@M+S*V\#=

]6C?11#ZQCWO1C$5SW+1K42JJJ]B(8V

CJJKZ(G-57@1#.;T9%ZK9/65:(B+Q5?
9
M:SVANB\I[-B;N1%6FIL$BI[]M#MK=E\O\6Q5Y(B\-202*GTC$2W[I%I'JF=
MY&(KD]U4J0G*YG=M\_3C\9?7+PUQPRJQ/2Y&T0FFU^A/4W)7

EI8^P/:Y'


MO9^P/:Y'Q75Q

MZY&JB\ETE6RQ&?OY6^SPOC1532]5T(GG^J^@6=ETXZH96Z9.^-V/2J.9--.D
M:M5%X+2-7R(J?8G=FQL?G
=M'%6&=OOG++6T#8[N^HJ+*YO!'+J57.6E$5R\
M7+Q[3MC9=AFL?M7&6.;O?G'*6T#8[J]HJ+*YO!'+J57*M*(KEXN7CVFZ\%#?
M08BUAOIN_NV

MN*K[_:9PS1?EZ                          %1'(K7)5%X*B\E0^.:U[5










MU?S^1L)K-
;BK)9]*NN
MK2U[N=%;3BUZN=2M*+P+R;+SRQ.C[F!FJE7




]ZT:UK4JJJJK1$


M:+JKP=2BM7;73CHID


#
MP-AB+.*WM861)%&V)K8T1K&
8B(C(VHB(UC:41$0Z;V[MJPPMJQD
;4GT-8]



M[AJK1*9-K6M1$:E$3@B)RH9(RY
#Z

QD6O6.6WM)5

M(=-/=-T2;DR?3S8MAD+MUYNJ\D[V;(7$CHIHDG:UT+7-D6X5&TX?X.])N6



M\D[V?(W,KHIHDN&M=US)%N51M.'P^#O27&V.L3-SYGV+#X:5]C#&R6_P G





M]NW68QN.5/:K]).Y8U'+1KM*1RK1U%I6B^8QUWUR25][)@-OW.7QV/5/:KY)
M.Z8U'+1KM*1RK1U%I6B^8Q=[X@DEDOY=N;:NLUC



T

M(]:(QFE%7@O%:+S
=AN

OK+P(]:;OSE_


M2


M2YRUS#1&.M'HYTCUA26C8T:JT;6CEKPXJ97-]8HL?NR?;EGA;C*W



MT;6CEKPHJGG:773#YFQR]YE+%^(CQ$;9I?E._1[7NT(U/4B76KZ(B4]T\[3Z
MXX?
6.6N\G8OQ+


M&.=U[NT@AR+-IW;L'/*Z*&_[WBY6?HQ(U;5/L_+QX&.=UVNNYBR#-JW;L+/
M(Z*&_P]XN5GPJ







M-7NG^^]10:9TY.1WI


Z0G)^%







M.RLMM+GOR-:@J-4Z\F(GI*\-MXI,HE+;:6.Q43^4UU-'K;R^+[0KO?C,Y8]
M.KU[14P;;6-?CW-Q W]BDBO_8CB-$R\WHGH+^#H9U_S7J[@WW:XF!RUT8N-


MZ7*IL[ ;4VUM^#N
)C+;'QJE'+!&UCG?9OIJ=^J4'TS)E0


MBISU*GOG.7C1Q\US@MK20L?)*E]-;QL8E=3IHVJUM$XZE[O@#VQNEJ)[Y=6D




M/_W5OZ9Z;T\LF_!; E?^13]
^+X-]C+SRV37TS

MW%TNP42JK

U*-RV31/-
Q/_1AO





M#]R3]





OA=CXO&HJ-8RF
ME6
9&Q(V


M^=*/0W#TO\
Y!J067R+VW%U'*R-6O\ 65T#.'M4Y5TM7W2C;9'J_U.BU;:B?L?:ZJC


MPHB_!T\?*Y3I_9'2+9VU+:#N;2.\R$*
OP%U<M3G*E2;$W)L3
MX
M *E45 J52@5*I0$WETIP&YYVS9&R@NW



W3P:GF0ZQZ.;&3$8VW1\='MI)


M03DGN&R=M[0Q6!MW1VC'.EEIW]Q*NJ216\M2\$3T-1$-D6FU


5M#$E&-1*&0CMX
M8THQJ)0]HB(52H5                                 8_*82TR#%UHC

2


M(\

;GR\S/;



MM/5Y&2M[2*!/52KNUZ\S9\$$
$:10L1C&\D3]$VA:6=M:0-@MHVQ1-Y-:GN5







M[NV#OK=%MC

MFML;BKS+V\6(@9#\YNB1S9KF5J)WC]+6-C1$=70SEVKYI!O+IYO_ '7:XK#W



A!/M_+121)&S7W['
M.16-D]9NFO=NH[CY/(4]B]





MB2PV-NDLDZ

M$W2K^U4]QAA.B.;6^MG9J;%Q6$




)TTZK6]IC\/-N:#

M?N:]RO5%58XD7GPJO#SEQ@NEO5VVLL;A9]TV^
P6/5^GYL65+AS7O5ZHJK'$
\<Q5BA2%%5S&O5^IK$5:T6O
M&I]WST8RV5W6FX
1=6DZR



9?=Z;CPUW


=G;QQ11-=\
M*DB

=I!'%'$UWPO71C)'JO+C3W



M'

M ?2[ 5*\#XYK7-5KDJU4HJ%KE

MJ(B(B)P1.(5+*SMK*S@L[6-(K6VC9#!$WDV.-J-:U*^1$H L
M

MJ*E47@J*%1%145*HO!44&M=C=!=G;9DAO;I'9G+PNULNKA-



M


M


ME;V^]K;*6;G

5457



M                


M '-NV?%QN?=%\ZPV]TVN

M =.Y\E=
;K?'!D%=I;RU.7V2C4]*D1L]]WE[*L5IB'3/1*JC):T3S_)D3L]\

M9Y.YAEFR;41TFE7:4

;9
HN^M




TK7E\%QCLK




MR6              '


M7EO[7=7-WWFE[5D='W





MY

M(E%5RIY.PZ$-]DJ)0              0GJQU7P?3?;[


U([AJIVT.?_ !/]2
8FQK6UVKNF%
LS*QLO
M(
7?L]H2%L%PCVRM@DUZ$D1E4=PU4[2*;VS
/S8QEC?-]H2=$D;!*FO2C7U1

M'D8\18

G/3SJ=L+8&V8LCNS%1Y/%

MZJK6M3)8G


:BK?W%$X\U7L1.*E+:EU;



MMRV27L8J.:JT\FI$K[A-29&1










MD1U$?WBIZ32?A/V?-@^GUSDKVU?;9#
7CW.25BQR=Q;IW4;51R(OP^\5/21K


M*;@Z3_Y6;-_L/&_S.


;DV[A;*._S.4L\98S/;'#=7D\

[3&Q[G+1K55:)R*4
M.5Q<\K8H+R65U=


MBCO#J7L/9J


M)*W7' ]5?






M41$3SJIKM?$ET12]2S_&F#OE6FI(;I8OW;NNZ_9$ 7Q$=&4O$M/QFA[U5IJ[

M#C
IC
K8Q7^

#


YO':




MT[&.1:*U\L





MJ]J1(W5WE4TZ:5K7E2AE=3=.JJ::5KV4

M?]4Q7/72OG0Q\F6V](K5DO+1ZL6K%=)$M%\J57@6$F5P$BM62\M'JQ:L5TD:

MITAF][[+P-TRSSF?QN*NY(TF9;WMW!;R.C55:CT9*]KE:KFJE?
IT-F=Z;.P

M
DD:Q53E6CE3R$KN
CC[9Z






M=RYSN=R8Q&3QRVD:QK)(U[7





?)*W7' [5)
YO+4D



4LFVLQ;Y

CW/W:.-5;*Q%Y*Z)Z
M-D:B]BJVAZL
KCK]JK9W#)M/PD1:.3TM6BGJQRF/OVJMI.V;3\)$X*GI:M%+

10WMU#;O<RJIJ:V5S55*I2IZN<CC[5R
N;F*![DJULCVL54\J(Y4/=


CVJVODJB\RSV7U1V#
MO9]S'MC



%CI)II'(QC&,2KG.<M$1$1*JJDQN+BW@DN+B1
ML
$+72332.1K&


VO9
M5PO\]A[!^B[NF1R<U8E7.2OE:U%4L;[.XFQ?HNKED<G-6<7.3TM:BJ6R=<.


M\F*M7QQW
L;99)(W2K2-'P
8LS=2\JL/'XR83V1UVEVQ8&*C7N1'*J*[E5J)
!V/:9?#XBWLLE=9B..XNHD5'O;);W$CT<JJOP


1MW!RXFREDLXW2

$R.\84O\ !XE;JWV]AI%=[*JO

M]S))/=S





C:KG+Y

[RZ68S(Y19LG:.?87TSEJZ22WHC7N7ZIT

PG]#6'\FB^


1)%=1-FC:[4C7<M2(J5^B<D[+V%M#;'B
KZ2$8_&V-GNJ;&WL+98)
M:I;J].5?69]#U?2=*]7X-F6W3K(W^Y\;;Y'%X2);NUL[A%6-;EC%AMVI14XN

MYN/9B99;R%LL-LWO&1OY:T32Q/=U4);G6V#



M65LBIQ8UZ41$_4_3







GJN:K5U-5R\%3L15-G




7N






MHG#SG&^S




Y].*KWCD@3Z


M*M41*(YNI.)%]SVR8'*6N6QR=TV55;-W@Q52BJE/(Y
[EMTP63MLKCT[IL


/8G(YY\5W3^UV=
MN#%

M\2\G2(U58WLYN.Q\C)=18^YDM&=[=

MJL3RK3@;!E5[8GK&E7HU5:GE6G Y9\*.^]C6UUG6[JNX;;?62OG3ID\BK6/F


E?JUCYHGL
M1%B;

=K:YS9=E;Q[B21&7S(W











MU]O[DQZ8_.V
60LFR-F2WF15;WC45&NHBIR1RDQO+&TO(NYNHFS1(J.T.Y53


M[

DXHWR*M$:07$6T


1=C;?NGZ<='(]GMMU*
MJ3=W
YJH[N8-6K0B\7.KV&*VC9S9;');7;E^;+1ZTA153O7N]:CE3XK:UIY5
M



RCT7O(7
5TD*(M4


O-JI56_14TKX/
M



M06LD
Y?=-F;#Z=;7V3C&VF$LXX)Y(8(K^[:BH^Y?;M5J22<5X
MJKW+[IFL7B+'&PI';1HURM:V61.;U8E*K[ZF9QF)LL=D=M&C7*UK99$YO5B


M[MR5[EBN1%[5[$]U31WADV=%NYF4ZI;R8W
9_)7DD-C+=(V1D

M8NI=#?J6MHVB*II7PW;2BW6S)]3-W

MH;]2UM&TJI&]G6#;])LUD$2XNII%;$KZ*C4;S5$[/)YB.[0L&WR39F_1)[F6

M%JU*Z55.Q3 ^&[>/Y2NEU[@=UL^
M*J8/P\;N_*+TTO

_]&0SJ-_[O_Y[_B&Y.G73


M7

MC'6O;^[ML


MW7MIGL.+R59KFQAJV.C)$;=PM8G#NWQO:J-Y-=RY(1C/P
V]N*UO[-.Z@F]9





?3?!7&5;[1\\X:TD

MI)


M%B]B=?MH





MM;[


0
DN)F(^9[VHY:
MN2NGCV)R*^WL!8VF
A[R%DEQ


FES=6F
M


[VZ9$]UO&O)TB-56-[.;C8DRO;$]T::GHU58GE6G V
M#*KVQ/6-*O1JJU/*M.!RSX4=][&MKK.MW5=PVV^LE?.G3)Y%6L?-$]B(L3)I

MW[1YM/I5(R/I1L^21R








0M[*Z

9;9:#A-




7-NG&


FW/CF7%AD62NMKB^B1D-PLD



M'7MA=J^-:R(WU51%7XS%JUR$IZX[AONH'A@P.[4B[J1+VWNLC&Q%THZ/VBQ
MD5*\F=^Y%2OF)/UIS][OSPUX/=21=T]+VYR$;$72CH^_LI%2O)O?.14]PO=


M(/:9D5&97)7-Y!7MC:V.VK^NMW$1\).)N+'I/[1
BHW)Y&YNX*]K&MCMZ_KK






T\^*!CL9U?V5N&Y56
B+#G\==OX

.;?&EEK9][M?$,<U;F.[


MSF7M
+A
AF+Q'+:8VVFO+A(TU/[N-9'Z454JNEO#B32ZN([:VEN)*]WQTC






1'HB_HDYM+AMQ:PW#4HV9C9$3R(Y$7]$R)DJ53E7P
?_KM_P!E_P#K







5ZT9'&]SE\




_P#1D
ZB_P#N[_GO^(=0

MT
XI62Q





M?;RW5RY.:1P
61Z\?K6F[






Y5_^

M)R+5%;)$UR<?=.@MK9WR.V<3?V[D=!=V=O-$Y%JFF2)KDX^Z2VQE9-96\K%



M.;7FJJ:8R717I-U=Q
6\L ^?#SY37(ZXMVL1KI6O5K^_MEU-1^I%U:'-KSXD




U9I[7N87/[A*O:J
-&H8_.;<W'EIFK+/:]UY_<)5Z*C7JGPJ
7C1J&Y.G-IU5MX;[\H

NYG.C]@7%I

;)\Z20







M&7VX^VM9O:(D@6ZB=KT*SBJ6R\*.4BN6V_NW*PLAN[BS5D;M;=.MJUI3ZCSD




;+174J[A7TM.:NEG2'K/

RUT][
SM:_E8L$T



MV]0




MSMM+J%Z\%5'R*R-':41'*CE1U*Z6J:EV[T_ZR]*;R[M-F
M=V[3NI%FBQEU


M/=UC




M-'G5Q;&PRP)DDIWCW5[I?+3A7Z!(9H\VN
8V*2%




H%GU?N+RT=



=F-N)F\JZY?=ND?





M5HC:=M4:23%

DBJG=K#6B)3MJC26DJ+XO3476?H9/O#)V.[-KY!
M







OH[65(6\&-D[]6*
M[2W@GJU\ZF)LUWCC86VBVL60BC33%
DJ
#E1
MWK*B5U+2JT327&Z1;MW/OBWWQU/FMG2V%/F?;EFJOM[?0[4Q9'+P<J.]942




N&


M:E?(B$BCC9'&V-B:6
1&M;Y$1*(A((XV1QMC8FEC$1K6^1$2B$4ZC6G56XAL


M1_!21**BHBTX:D)#=XZ:_P 
ZRO'M[^6-$DD9\%)$HJ*B+3AJ0T_TSVUXENF


1&ZRBMH;FWU*YD






Q$-G$CG2*V-D59)Y)'(NM8THE43AP


QNZ&1/N/;HI
@_2Q
M&N1R0-C;55X(G%RKVT+IF.W

MB%VUO7+;RQF8VVW-9KVCVYTCKM\:^USMN9=+/9?5^48E/




+.V
MZ[R&1LJJCXX941NN-O:7.X\7N#)-EM;::W;82HW4V34C]351W-&N[4+C<.,S
MV1;);6TMNVQD1M6R:D?5JH[FC7=J%'HST]ZV[)@QVW\ME,))MP9<HD5IW\E


MY&6BAW:EO




M9Q5KE9)G1/NXI4@M7J]Z]TQBSI$NK1\+AY5Y$CM[F:SL6.S-Q R=7*U9&NT1
MK5?51-6GL)%;W
UI9

R-S
U


M^N5W!6I[G'W:=MAR[*Z;XW&7;=.6NM5_EE=\+VJXHYS7*OQHV:8U^Q)AT2


B?+OK+/Y=
M;^-%]40R&W,:['XF&&1/EW_ D_EUOX\?0G GY.S*&3/
T
4T+X9F))%*U6

MHO)44^.:US5:Y*M5**B\E13GVUZ/=3NENZ+[
=*Y+;+[=R2ZKO;%_)W3FJE5

]S7N6Z8OMLMM_(KJNMMWTG=.:J5TI'

BS






.Q<FLELF'VU=7%SE+

3MVZGN
G!
Y

MXU
1FL))D;_&S59W%H]SYFN5:N15:J(B45/B\3#28/K;T^[_ !NQK*PW5M-7


M'-DQV)M5UQQOC3Y)55*M:V'FQJ*Y5=ZRN^JM\7MO)3Y?YWS3V+
Q46&!G%$5
M/@^A&]B%#&;=R




M%\NEQO+





BF
Q6Z

QR2+C[





MN


MY0OG;;OXQ?5ZKKN?]E]D^Y^S?ZKS\^)'?Q9W5\\?.WM%I[9Y:OT_ [OEH^I(

_3%-M;TN;=<\].]=D+)KEABNF/<
ML4D37I&JHC%TN142J*OI


9GL/KTQ]_/=(QL.=6

7;;RQ47L



9

MC(+:T:R*54AATNIJ1%555R\^'G
;.R5_%'*L\4E^]SGW





M-[3*I;9R3$7\%\Z&:XEBD9 D-43UF*B(NI&]I NFW3;KATQP=G+M]MIF;:_C







M58CX96RM1Z)S:Y647WRQSF



DW&.FDO;NK6-6+7*QC(X


MT(AT)C

M                                                       !IKQ&

9GJ-

MQDB)
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
+           ?_]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 28
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017

















































  2017






































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



708
610











568
317
217












Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



010
355











691







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015




260


881


373





177


184


456





083


697


917












Selling
 General and Administrative

152


864


748





931


833


169






























Other
 net



















628


598


921














778


772


224














774


768


220












Diluted
 Shares












































Basic
 Shares






























































Basic
 Shares





























































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

















































































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015













778


772


224



Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Taxes:












































Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Taxes










839


817


281














835


813


277







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.

























































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
















Accounts receivable
 net

675


542





239


732



















258


888



Net Property
 Plant and Equipment

568


170





324


669



Intangible Assets
 net

243


084












066


373



















698


511





424


172












032


762





297


200





979


545





199


242



















378


355





776


348










Treasury stock
 at cost - 80 million shares at September 30
 2017 and 73 million shares in October 1
 2016

674)


093)





541


608












559


624





066


373




























































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.





















































































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Treasury Stock
 shares

000
000


000
000










Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


000
000










Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


000
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Of Tax [Member]







Balance at beginning of year
 Common Stock shares at Sep. 27
 2014




















Balance at beginning of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Tyson at Sep. 27
 2014



257


748




010)











Balance at beginning of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Sep. 27
 2014




















Balance at beginning of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at Sep. 27
 2014









































Issuance of Class A common stock
 shares
































































220




220

























































Purchase of Class A common stock
 shares









































Stock-based compensation
 shares



















































































Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest




















Balance at end of year
 Common Stock shares at Oct. 03
 2015




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Tyson at Oct. 03
 2015



307


813




381)


691









Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Oct. 03
 2015




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at Oct. 03
 2015




















Balance at end of year
 Total Shareholders' Equity at Oct. 03
 2015

706








































Issuance of Class A common stock
 shares
































































768




768

























































Purchase of Class A common stock
 shares






























944)











Stock-based compensation
 shares



















































































Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest




















Balance at end of year
 Common Stock shares at Oct. 01
 2016




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Tyson at Oct. 01
 2016

608


355


348




093)


608









Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Oct. 01
 2016




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at Oct. 01
 2016




















Balance at end of year
 Total Shareholders' Equity at Oct. 01
 2016

624








































Issuance of Class A common stock
 shares
































































774




774

























































Purchase of Class A common stock
 shares









































Stock-based compensation
 shares



















































































Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest




















Balance at end of year
 Common Stock shares at Sep. 30
 2017




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Tyson at Sep. 30
 2017

541


378


776




674)


541









Balance at end of year
 Treasury Stock shares at Sep. 30
 2017




















Balance at end of year
 Shareholders' Equity Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at Sep. 30
 2017




















Balance at end of year
 Total Shareholders' Equity at Sep. 30
 2017

559

















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.

























































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)


























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015













778


772


224


































































Other
 net
































































599


716


570












Additions to property
 plant and equipment

069)

























Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

081)
















Other
 net










164)


















159)




995)





444









810


065


345





110)




345)





138









360)




















944)























Other
 net










530


377)


035)




































































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.



















































































































Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings
 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.



















































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























Cash outflow for purchase of trading
 available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The cash inflow associated with security instrument that either represents a creditor or an ownership relationship with the holder of the investment security with a maturity of beyond one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes proceeds from (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.

























































The cash outflow associated with security instruments that either represent a creditor or an ownership relationship with the holder of the investment security with a maturity of beyond one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







 Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 is one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174;. We innovate continually to make protein more sustainable
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
 We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
 Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
In fiscal 2017
 of the cost of inventories was determined by the first-in
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
3
2
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
We review the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 years based on the pattern of revenue expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Amortization expense is generally recognized in selling
 general
 and administrative expense. We review the carrying value of definite life intangibles at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of the definite life intangible asset. We use various valuation techniques to estimate fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flows
 relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization or EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our material reporting units' exceeded its carrying value. In fiscal 2015
For our indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Accrued salaries
Accrued marketing
1
1
We recognize the funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation. We measure our plan assets and liabilities at the end of our fiscal year. For a defined benefit pension plan
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan
 such as a retiree health care plan
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Any overfunded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Any transitional asset/liability
 We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
 There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
 We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
We promote our products with marketing
 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives
 which include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 and volume-based incentives. Marketing and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other marketing and promotional activities are recorded as selling
Advertising expense is charged to operations in the period incurred and is recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. Advertising expense totaled $
 
 
 respectively.
 
 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
In August 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that eases certain documentation and assessment requirements of hedge effectiveness and modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment. Some of the modifications include the ineffectiveness of derivative gain/loss in highly effective cash flow hedge to be recorded in OCI
 the change in fair value of derivative to be recorded in the same income statement line as hedged item
 and additional disclosures required on the cumulative basis adjustment in fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on financial statement lines for components excluded from the assessment. The amendment also simplifies the application of hedge accounting in certain situations to permit new hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In May 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that clarifies which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which will change the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to employer sponsored defined benefit plans and other postretirement benefits. Service cost will be included within the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while other components of net periodic benefit pension cost will be presented separately outside of operating income. Additionally
 only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied for the presentation of the service cost component and the other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the income statement
 and the prospective transition method should be applied
 on and after the effective date
In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets
 other than inventory
 in the period in which the transfer occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that provides more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows and impact on earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the awards vest or are settled
 which is a change from the current guidance that requires such activity to be recorded in capital in excess of par value within stockholders' equity. We adopted this guidance prospectively which may create volatility in our effective tax rate when adopted depending largely on future events and other factors which may include our stock price
 timing of stock option exercises
 and the value realized upon vesting or exercise of shares compared to the grant date fair value of those shares. Under the new guidance
In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which created new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective method should be applied. While we are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
 we have completed our initial scoping reviews and have made progress in our assessment phase as we continue to identify our leasing processes that will be impacted by the new standard. We have also made progress in developing the policy elections we will make upon adoption and we are implementing software to meet the reporting requirements of this standard. We expect our financial statement disclosures will be expanded to present additional details of our leasing arrangements. At this time
In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that requires most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent other changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. It should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
 unless
 equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values
 in which case
In July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which requires management to evaluate inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In May 2014
 the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We plan to adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 but currently
 we do not expect the new guidance to materially impact our consolidated financial statements other than additional disclosure requirements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which removes step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. As a result
 an entity should perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and should recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting units' fair value. The guidance is effective for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual or interim goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1
 2017
 and the prospective transition method should be applied. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance on how a reporting entity
 that is the single decision maker of a variable interest entity (VIE)
 should treat indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity
 when determining whether it is the primary beneficiary of that VIE. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods
 beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We were required to adopt this guidance at the same time that we adopted the amendments in ASU 2015-02; therefore
 we early adopted this guidance
 retrospectively
In April 2015
 the FASB issued guidance on the recognition of fees paid by a customer for cloud computing arrangements. The guidance clarifies that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license
 the customer should account for the software license consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017
 and should be applied prospectively or retrospectively. We adopted this guidance
 prospectively
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As a result
In February 2015
 the FASB issued guidance changing the analysis procedures that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. All legal entities are subject to reevaluation under the revised consolidation model. The new guidance affects the following areas: (1) limited partnerships and similar legal entities
 (2) evaluating fees paid to a decision maker or a service provider as a variable interest
 (3) the effect of fee arrangements on the primary beneficiary determination
 (4) the effect of related parties on the primary beneficiary determination
 and (5) certain investment funds. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 our fiscal 2017. We adopted this guidance
 retrospectively
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







On June 7
 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding common stock of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings
 per share for AdvancePierre's outstanding common stock
. We funded the acquisition with existing cash on hand
 net proceeds from the issuance of new senior notes and a new term loan facility
The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Certain estimated values for the acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 property
 plant and equipment
 and deferred income taxes
 are not yet finalized and are subject to revision as additional information becomes available and more detailed analyses are completed. The purchase price was allocated based on information available at acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded measurement period adjustments which increased goodwill by 
Property
2
1
(1
3
1
1
As a result of the acquisition
$2
 of goodwill. The purchase price was assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the table above. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities. The allocation of goodwill to our reporting units is pending finalization of the expected synergies and the impact of the synergies to our reporting units. Of the goodwill acquired
We used various valuation techniques to determine fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flow analysis
 relief-from-royalty
 and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
The acquisition of AdvancePierre was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 and consequently
 the results of operations for AdvancePierre are reported in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. AdvancePierre's results from the date of acquisition
 of Sales
The following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations as if the acquisition of AdvancePierre had occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2016. AdvancePierre's pre-acquisition results have been added to our historical results. The pro forma results contained in the table below include adjustments for amortization of acquired intangibles
 depreciation expense
 interest expense related to the financing and related income taxes. Any potential cost savings or other operational efficiencies that could result from the acquisition are not included in these pro forma results.
 including items such as consultant fees
 accelerated stock compensation and other deal costs; transaction related expenses incurred by the Company of 
 including fees paid to third parties
These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
39
38
1
1
On November 10
 2017
 we acquired all of the outstanding shares of a valued-added protein business for 
 subject to certain adjustments
On April 24
 2017
 non-protein businesses as part of our strategic focus on protein-packed brands.&#160;These businesses
 which are all part of our Prepared Foods segment
 include Sara Lee&#174; Frozen Bakery
 Kettle and Van&#8217;s&#174; and produce items such as frozen desserts
 waffles
 snack bars
 and soups
 sauces and sides.&#160;The sale is also expected to include the Chef Pierre&#174;
 Bistro Collection&#174;
 Kettle Collection&#8482;
 and Van&#8217;s&#174; brands
 a license to use the Sara Lee&#174; brand in various channels
 as well as our Tarboro
 North Carolina
 Fort Worth
 Texas
 and Traverse City
 Michigan
 prepared foods facilities. We have reclassified the assets and liabilities related to these businesses to assets and liabilities held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017. In the fourth quarter of 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling 
 related to one of these businesses due to a revised estimate of the business&#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
 and consisted of goodwill and intangible assets previously classified within assets held for sale. In October 2017
 we executed a definitive asset purchase agreement to sell our Kettle operation for 
 subject to certain contingencies including regulatory approval. We anticipate we will close the Kettle and remaining transactions by the end of calendar 2017
 or early calendar 2018
 and expect to record a net pretax gain as a result of the sale of these businesses. The Company concluded the businesses were not significant disposal groups and did not represent a strategic shift
September 30
Accounts receivable
Net Property
Intangible Assets
In fiscal 2014
 we announced our plan to sell our Brazil and Mexico operations
 which are included in Other for segment reporting
 including working capital
 including working capital
 net debt adjustments and cash transferred. As a result of the sale
 we recorded a pretax gain of 
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa plant. As a result
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&#8217;s operating income in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative. As a result of this project
 we sold our Chicago
 Illinois
 hospitality plant in June 2016 and closed our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
 plant in July 2016. The sale of our Chicago
 Illinois
 plant and closure of our Jefferson
 Wisconsin
In the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 as part of our ongoing efforts to increase efficiencies in our Chicken business
 we closed our Buena Vista
 Georgia
 plant. The closure costs did not have a significant impact on the Company's operating results.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant And Equipment


Sep. 30
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]




Property
 Plant And Equipment
PROPERTY
The following table reflects major categories of property
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
3
3
7
6
11
11
6
5
Net property
5
5
$1
September&#160;30
 2017







The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Balance at October 3
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
Balance at October 1
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
2
2
Balance at September 30
1
1
3
2
9
1
3
2
9
On June 7
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
Patents
2
1
2
1
4
4
6
5
084
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
 will be: 



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors approved a multi-year restructuring program (the &#8220;Financial Fitness Program&#8221;)
 which is expected to contribute to the Company&#8217;s overall strategy of financial fitness through increased operational effectiveness and overhead reduction. The Company currently anticipates the Financial Fitness Program will result in cumulative pretax charges
 once implemented
 which consist primarily of severance and employee related costs
 asset impairments
 accelerated depreciation
 incremental costs to implement new technology
 and contract termination costs. As part of this program
 positions across several areas and job levels with most of the eliminated positions originating from the corporate offices in Springdale
 Arkansas; Chicago
 Illinois; and Cincinnati
 Ohio.&#160;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
Selling
Total restructuring and related charges
Total restructuring and related charges
For fiscal 2017
 severance and employee related costs
 technology impairment and related costs
 of employee related costs
 of incremental costs to implement new technology
 in accelerated depreciation
The following table reflects our liability related to restructuring which was recognized in other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017:



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Unrecognized tax benefits
During fiscal 2017
 the domestic production deduction decreased tax expense by 
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
During fiscal 2016
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
During fiscal 2015
 the domestic production deduction and changes in unrecognized tax benefits decreased tax expense by 
 respectively
 and state tax expense
 net of federal tax benefit
. Additionally
 foreign rate differences
 mostly driven by the China impairment
$2
603 million
$2
543 million
$1
908 million
 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Property
2
1
3
3
2
2
September&#160;30
 2017
 our gross state tax net operating loss carryforwards approximated 
 of which 
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
September&#160;30
 are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. If those earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise
 we could be subject to federal income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits)
 state income taxes and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Due to the uncertainty of the manner in which the undistributed earnings would be brought back to the United States
 the tax laws in effect at that time
 as well as the availability of the Company to claim foreign tax credits
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
October&#160;3
The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 if recognized
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 before tax benefits
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
 we are subject to income tax examinations for United States federal income taxes for fiscal years 2013 through 2016. We are also subject to income tax examinations by major state and foreign jurisdictions for fiscal years 2005 through 2016 and 2002 through 2016
 respectively. We estimate that during the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as 



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
10
6
9
6
September&#160;30
 2017
$1
$1
$1
In May 2017
 we amended our existing credit facility which
 among other things
$1
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
 we had outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility totaling 
 of bilateral letters of credit issued separately from the revolving credit facility
If in the future any of our subsidiaries shall guarantee any of our material indebtedness
 such subsidiary shall be required to guarantee the indebtedness
On August 21
 2017
 we issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of 
. Interest payments on the August 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly on February 21
 May 21
 August 21 and November 21. Interest payments on the 2021 Notes are due semi-annually on February 23 and August 23. After the original issue discounts of 
. In addition
In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
$2
750 million
 due May 2019
 due June 2020
$1
 due June 2027
 due June 2047. The 2019 Floating-Rate Notes
 June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes
 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes carry interest rates of 
 
 
 respectively. Interest payments on the 2019 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly February 28
 May 30
 August 30
 and November 30. Interest payments on the June 2020 Floating-Rate Notes are due quarterly March 2
 June 2
 September 2
 and December 2. Interest payments on the 2027 Notes and 2047 Notes are due semi-annually on June 2 and December 2. After the original issue discounts of 
$2
. In addition
On August 18
 2017
In June 2017
 as part of the financing for the AdvancePierre acquisition
$1
 under an unsecured term loan facility
 related to this borrowing. In fiscal 2017
In June 2017
 in connection with our AdvancePierre acquisition
$1
 of AdvancePierre's gross debt
$1
$1
 of the total outstanding balance. Additionally
In 2017
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 2017
Our revolving credit and term loan facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; merge
 dissolve
 liquidate or consolidate; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; change the nature of our business; engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and enter into hedging transactions
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
Our senior notes also contain affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 may limit or restrict our ability to: create liens; engage in certain sale/leaseback transactions; and engage in certain consolidations
September&#160;30
 2017







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







 classes of capital stock
 Class&#160;Common A stock
 par value (Class A stock) and Class B Common Stock
 votes per share
September&#160;30
 2017
 of the outstanding shares of Class B stock and the TLP and members of the Tyson family owned
 in the aggregate
 of the outstanding shares of Class&#160;A stock
 giving them
 collectively
The Class B stock is considered a participating security requiring the use of the two-class method for the computation of basic earnings per share. The two-class computation method for each period reflects the cash dividends paid for each class of stock
 plus the amount of allocated undistributed earnings (losses) computed using the participation percentage
 which reflects the dividend rights of each class of stock. Basic earnings per share were computed using the two-class method for all periods presented. The shares of Class B stock are considered to be participating convertible securities since the shares of Class B stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into shares of Class&#160;A stock. Diluted earnings per share were computed assuming the conversion of the Class B shares into Class&#160;A shares as of the beginning of each period.
 
 in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. We paid Class B dividends per share of 
 
 in fiscal 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 respectively. On November 10
 2017
 the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend previously declared on August 10
 2017
 per share on our Class B stock. The increased quarterly dividend is payable on December 15
 2017
 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 1
On February 4
 2016
September&#160;30
 2017
 shares remained available for repurchase. The share repurchase program has no fixed or scheduled termination date and the timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon
 among other things
 our working capital needs
 markets
 industry conditions
 liquidity targets
 limitations under our debt obligations and regulatory requirements. In addition to the share repurchase program
A summary of cumulative share repurchases of our Class A stock for fiscal 2017
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
October&#160;3
1
1
In fiscal 2014
 we completed the public issuance of 
 tangible equity units (TEUs). Total proceeds
 net of underwriting discounts and other expenses
$1
. Each TEU
 which had a stated amount of 
 was comprised of a prepaid stock purchase contract and a senior amortizing note due July 15
 2017. We allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the TEUs to equity and debt based on the relative fair values of the respective components of each TEU. The fair value of the prepaid stock purchase contracts
$1
295 million
 was recorded in Capital in Excess of Par Value
 net of issuance costs. The fair value of the senior amortizing notes
 which was 
 was recorded in debt. Issuance costs associated with the TEU debt were recorded as deferred debt issuance cost and was amortized over the term of the instrument to July 15
The aggregate values assigned upon issuance of each component of the TEU's
 based on the relative fair value of the respective components of each TEU
in millions
1
1
1
1
In July 2017
 the Company made the final quarterly cash installment payment of 



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







During fiscal 2017
 of legal costs related to two former subsidiaries of Hillshire Brands
 which were sold by Hillshire Brands in 1986 and 1994
 of equity earnings in joint ventures
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 of property
 plant and equipment
 of other assets. This charge
 was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
During fiscal 2016
 in net foreign currency exchange losses
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
During fiscal 2015
 following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken production operations
 we reviewed our strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China.&#160;Despite our belief in the potential for this business
 our Chinese operations had not achieved profitability.&#160;Given the losses that were generated in this business
 changes in the strategy and management of the business
 and the depressed economic outlook for China at that time
As a result of this evaluation
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 of property
 plant and equipment
During fiscal 2015
 of gains on the sale of equity securities
 which were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Other
 net.



































The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed
 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







in&#160;millions
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Class B weighted average shares
 classes of capital stock
 ratio per share to Class&#160;A stock and Class B stock
 respectively. We allocate undistributed earnings based on this ratio due to historical dividend patterns
 voting control of Class B shareholders and contractual limitations of dividends to Class B stock.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Our business operations give rise to certain market risk exposures mostly due to changes in commodity prices
 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We manage a portion of these risks through the use of derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to commodity price risk
 foreign currency risk and interest rate risk. Our risk management programs are periodically reviewed by our Board of Directors' Audit Committee. These programs are monitored by senior management and may be revised as market conditions dictate. Our current risk management programs utilize industry-standard models that take into account the implicit cost of hedging. Risks associated with our market risks and those created by derivative instruments and the fair values are strictly monitored
 using value-at-risk and stress tests. Credit risks associated with our derivative contracts are not significant as we minimize counterparty concentrations
 utilize margin accounts or letters of credit
 and deal with credit-worthy counterparties. Additionally
September&#160;30
in millions
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
475
389
We recognize all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 with the exception of normal purchases and normal sales expected to result in physical delivery. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 we designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged (i.e.
Cash Flow Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward and option contracts of forecasted purchases (i.e.
Fair Value Hedges &#8211; include certain commodity forward contracts of firm commitments (i.e.
Derivative instruments are designated as hedges against changes in the amount of future cash flows related to procurement of certain commodities utilized in our production processes. For the derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a cash flow hedge
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (OCI) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses representing hedge ineffectiveness are recognized in earnings in the current period. Ineffectiveness related to our cash flow hedges was not significant during fiscal 
September&#160;30
 2017
 the net amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months are pretax losses of 
 
We designate certain derivative contracts as fair value hedges of firm commitments to purchase live cattle for harvesting or feeder cattle for growout production. Our objective of these hedges is to minimize the risk of changes in fair value created by fluctuations in commodity prices associated with fixed price livestock firm commitments. For these derivative instruments we designate and qualify as a fair value hedge
 the gain or loss on the derivative
 as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk
 are recognized in earnings in the same period. We include the gain or loss on the hedged items (i.e.
 livestock purchase firm commitments) in the same line item
 Cost of Sales
 as the offsetting gain or loss on the related livestock forward position. 
In addition to our designated positions
 we also hold derivative contracts for which we do not apply hedge accounting. These include certain derivative instruments related to commodities price risk
 including grains
 livestock
 energy and foreign currency risk. We mark these positions to fair value through earnings at each reporting date. 



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







 &#8212; Other observable inputs available at the measurement date
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 either directly or indirectly
The fair value hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available. In instances where the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy
 the fair value measurement has been determined based on the lowest level input significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 we had 
 respectively
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
 years. We classify our investments in United States government
 United States agency
 certificates of deposit and commercial paper debt securities as Level 2 as fair value is generally estimated using discounted cash flow models that are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions
 including time value and yield curve as well as other readily available relevant economic measures. We classify certain corporate
 asset-backed and other debt securities as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
Unrealized holding gains (losses)
 net of tax
 are excluded from earnings and reported in OCI until the security is settled or sold. On a quarterly basis
 we evaluate whether losses related to our available-for-sale securities are temporary in nature. Losses on equity securities are recognized in earnings if the decline in value is judged to be other than temporary. If losses related to our debt securities are determined to be other than temporary
 the loss would be recognized in earnings if we intend
 or more likely than not will be required
 to sell the security prior to recovery. For debt securities in which we have the intent and ability to hold until maturity
 losses determined to be other than temporary would remain in OCI
 other than expected credit losses which are recognized in earnings. We consider many factors in determining whether a loss is temporary
 including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been below cost
September 30
 2017
October&#160;1
 We maintain non-qualified deferred compensation plans for certain executives and other highly compensated employees. Investments are generally maintained within a trust and include money market funds
 mutual funds and life insurance policies. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies is invested primarily in mutual funds. The investments are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We classify the investments which have observable market prices in active markets in Level 1 as these are generally publicly-traded mutual funds. The remaining deferred compensation assets are classified in Level 2
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 we record assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded an impairment charge totaling 
 related to one of the non-protein businesses held for sale
 due to a revised estimate of the business&#8217; fair value based on current expected net sales proceeds.&#160;The impairment charge was recorded in Cost of Sales in our Consolidated Statement of Income for fiscal 2017
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 of property
 plant and equipment
 of other assets. This charge
 was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
 General and Administrative
 was triggered by a change in a co-manufacturing contract and ongoing losses. Our valuation of these assets was primarily based on discounted cash flows and relief-from-royalty models
In fiscal 2015
 to better align our overall production capacity with then-current cattle supplies
 we ceased beef operations at our Denison
 Iowa
 plant. As a result
In fiscal 2015
 impairment and other related charges associated with a Prepared Foods project designed to optimize the combined Tyson and Hillshire Brands network capacity and to enhance manufacturing efficiencies for the future. These charges were reflected in the Prepared Foods segment&#8217;s operating income
 was included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in Selling
Following the sale of our Mexico and Brazil chicken operations in fiscal 2015
 we reviewed our long-term business strategy and outlook for the remaining international businesses
 which operations include our chicken production operations in China and India. We assessed our Chinese operation for a potential impairment in fiscal 2015 and as a result of this evaluation
 of property
 plant and equipment
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
10
10
6
6
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 
 respectively
 of our net accounts receivable balance was due from Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. No other single customer or customer group represented greater than 10% of net accounts receivable.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







We issue shares under our stock-based compensation plans by issuing Class&#160;A stock from treasury. The total number of shares available for future grant under the Tyson Foods
18
094
September&#160;30
Outstanding
 October 1
11
191
(5
172
(87
1
615
Outstanding
 September 30
7
547
Exercisable
 September 30
4
152
777
 
 
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
 respectively.
 
 we received cash of 
 
 respectively
 for the exercise of stock options. Shares are issued from treasury for stock option exercises. The related tax benefit realized from stock options exercised during fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal 
 
 was 
 
 respectively. Cash flows resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost of those options (excess tax deductions) are classified as financing cash flows. We realized 
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
We issue restricted stock at the market value as of the date of grant
Nonvested
 October 1
1
602
734
25
(506
(141
Nonvested
 September 30
1
715
September&#160;30
 2017
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. We had 
 
 
 respectively
 with a grant date fair value of 
 
We award performance-based shares of our Class A stock to certain employees. These awards are typically granted once a year. Performance-based shares vest based upon the passage of time and the achievement of performance or market performance criteria
 ranging from 
. We review progress toward the attainment of the performance criteria each quarter during the vesting period. When it is probable the minimum performance criteria for an award will be achieved
 we begin recognizing the expense equal to the proportionate share of the total fair value of the Class A stock price on the grant date. The total expense recognized over the duration of performance awards will equal the Class&#160;A stock price on the date of grant multiplied by the number of shares ultimately awarded based on the level of attainment of the performance criteria. For grants with market performance criteria
 the fair value is determined on the grant date and is calculated using the same inputs for expected volatility
 expected dividend yield
 and risk-free rate as stock options
 noted above
. The total expense recognized over the duration of the award will equal the fair value
Nonvested
 October 1
2
147
965
(389
(565
Nonvested
 September 30
2
157
We recognized stock-based compensation expense related to performance shares
 net of income taxes
 of 
 
 
 respectively. The related tax benefit for fiscal 
 
 
September&#160;30
 2017
 we had 







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017

Retirement Benefits
 Description [Abstract]





September&#160;30
 2017
 funded qualified plans
 which are all frozen and noncontributory
 and 
 
 
In the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 of our qualified pension plans with a termination date of April 30
 2017. The settlements of the terminated plans are expected to occur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 or the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 through purchased annuities. Since the amount of the settlement depends on a number of factors determined as of the liquidation date
 including the annuity pricing interest rate environment and asset experience
 we are currently unable to determine the ultimate cost of the settlement. However
. Contributions to purchase annuities at the time of settlement are expected to be minimal based upon the funded status of each plan at September 30
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans&#8217; benefit obligations
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively
1
1
1
$1
$1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Recognized actuarial loss (gain)
September&#160;30
 2017
 the amounts expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months related to net periodic benefit cost for the qualified and non-qualified pension plans
 excluding pending settlements
 are 
September&#160;30
 2017
To determine the expected return on plan assets assumption
Our discount rate assumptions used to account for pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. These were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
September&#160;30
 and October 1
 2016
 of these plans
September&#160;30
 2017
 of the healthcare plans
September&#160;30
 2017
 were not impacted by healthcare cost trend rates due to plan amendments. The remaining plan
September&#160;30
 2017
 for retirees who qualify and do not qualify for Medicare
Additionally
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
The plan trustees have established a set of investment objectives related to the assets of the domestic pension plans and regularly monitor the performance of the funds and portfolio managers. Objectives for the pension assets are (i)&#160;to provide growth of capital and income
 (ii)&#160;to achieve a target weighted average annual rate of return competitive with funds with similar investment objectives and (iii)&#160;to diversify to reduce risk. The target asset allocations are based upon the funded status of the plans. As pension obligations become better funded
Our domestic plan assets consist mainly of common collective trusts which are primarily comprised of fixed income funds
 equity securities and other investments. Fixed income securities can include
 but are not limited to
 direct bond investments
 and pooled or indirect bond investments. Other investments may include
 but are not limited to
 international and domestic equities
 real estate
 commodities and private equity. Derivative instruments may also be used in concert with either fixed income or equity investments to achieve desired exposure or to hedge certain risks. Derivative instruments can include
 but are not limited to
 futures
 options
September&#160;30
The following tables show the categories of pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined in the fair value hierarchy
September&#160;30
1
1
October&#160;1
1
1
We classify insurance contracts as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available
Balance at October 1
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance at September 30
Our policy is to fund at least the minimum contribution required to meet applicable federal employee benefit and local tax laws. In our sole discretion
 we may from time to time fund additional amounts. Expected contributions to pension plans for fiscal 2018 are approximately 
 
 we funded 
 plans
 respectively
 of our qualified pension plans. The plan termination process for these plans began on April
 30
 2017
Additionally
The risks of participating in multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans. Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If we stop participating in a plan
 we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan
 in fiscal 2017 and 2016
Our participation in this multi-employer plan for fiscal 2017 is outlined below. The EIN/Pension Plan Number column provides the Employer Identification Number (EIN) and the three-digit plan number. Unless otherwise noted
 the most recent Pension Protection Act (PPA) zone status available in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 is for the plan's year beginning January 1
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The zone status is based on information that we have received from the plan and is certified by the plan's actuaries. The zone status is a secondary classification
 critical and declining
 within the red zone for fiscal 2017. Among other factors
In addition to regular contributions
 we could be obligated to pay additional contributions (known as complete or partial withdrawal liabilities) if it has unfunded vested benefits. 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(a) Translation loss reclassified to Cost of Sales related to disposition of a foreign operation
 which is further described in Note 3: Acquisitions and Dispositions.







The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







 reportable segments: Beef
 Pork
 Chicken
 and Prepared Foods. We measure segment profit as operating income (loss). Other primarily includes our foreign chicken production operations in China and India
 third-party merger and integration costs and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
On June 7
 2017
 we acquired AdvancePierre
 a producer and distributor of value-added
 convenient
 ready-to-eat sandwiches
 Beef includes our operations related to processing live fed cattle and fabricating dressed beef carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes sales from allied products such as hides and variety meats
Pork includes our operations related to processing live market hogs and fabricating pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal cuts and case-ready products. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 as well as to international export markets. This segment also includes our live swine group
 Chicken includes our domestic operations related to raising and processing live chickens into
 and purchasing raw materials for
 fresh
 frozen and value-added chicken products
 as well as sales from allied products. Our value-added chicken products primarily include breaded chicken strips
 nuggets
 patties and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
 Prepared Foods includes our operations related to manufacturing and marketing frozen and refrigerated food products and logistics operations to move products through the supply chain. This segment includes brands such as Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 State Fair&#174;
 Van's&#174;
 Sara Lee&#174; and Chef Pierre&#174;
 as well as artisanal brands Aidells&#174;
 Gallo Salame&#174;
 and Golden Island&#174;. Products primarily include ready-to-eat sandwiches
 sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks
 pepperoni
 bacon
 breakfast sausage
 turkey
 lunchmeat
 hot dogs
 pizza crusts and toppings
 flour and corn tortilla products
 desserts
 appetizers
 snacks
 prepared meals
 ethnic foods
 soups
 sauces
 side dishes
 meat dishes
 breadsticks and processed meats. Products are marketed domestically to food retailers
 foodservice distributors
 restaurant operators
 hotel chains and noncommercial foodservice establishments such as schools
 healthcare facilities
 the military and other food processors
We allocate expenses related to corporate activities to the segments
 except for third-party merger and integration costs of 
 in fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and corporate overhead related to Tyson New Ventures
 LLC
 which are included in Other. Assets and additions to property
 plant and equipment relating to corporate activities remain in Other. In addition
 at September 30
 2017
14
5
11
7
(1
38
1
2
2
2
1
6
13
3
28
Additions to property
1
14
4
10
7
(1
36
1
2
2
2
1
5
11
22
Additions to property
17
5
11
7
(1
41
1
2
1
3
5
12
1
22
Additions to property
 plant and equipment
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Pork segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The Chicken segment had sales of 
 
 
 respectively
 from transactions with other operating segments. The aforementioned sales from intersegment transactions
 which were at market prices
Our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for 
 
 
 respectively. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. were included in all the segments. Any extended discontinuance of sales to this customer could
 if not replaced
 have a material impact on our operations.
 
 
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 of long-lived assets were located in foreign countries
 primarily Brazil
 China
 European Union and India
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 respectively. Excluding goodwill and intangible assets
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
We sell certain products in foreign markets
 primarily Canada
 Central America
 China
 the European Union
 Japan
 Mexico
 the Middle East
 South Korea
 and Taiwan. Our export sales from the United States totaled 
 
 
 respectively. Substantially all of our export sales are facilitated through unaffiliated brokers
 marketing associations and foreign sales staffs. Sales of products produced in a country other than the United States were less than 
 



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Interest
Income taxes
 net of refunds







The entire disclosure for supplemental cash flow activities
 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017

Related Party Transaction
 Due from (to) Related Party [Abstract]





 wastewater facilities with an entity owned by the Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust (for which Mr. John Tyson
 Chairman of the Company
 is a trustee)
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 of which is owned by TLP)
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson. Total payments of approximately 
As of September 30
 2017
 the TLP
 of which John Tyson and director Barbara Tyson are general partners
 shares
 of our outstanding Class B stock and
 along with the members of the Tyson family
 shares of Class A stock
In August 2017
 equity interest in Buchan Ltd.
 a Mauritian private holding company of poultry operations in sub-Saharan Africa. Acacia Foods
 in Buchan Ltd. Donnie Smith
 who during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 was Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 serves as the Chairman of Acacia Foods
In fiscal 2017
 the Company provided administrative services to the Tyson Limited Partnership
 shares of Class B stock
 and the Tyson Limited Partnership
 through TLP Investment
 L.P.
 reimbursed the Company 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







We lease equipment
 properties and certain farms for which total rentals approximated 
 
 in fiscal 
 
 years
September&#160;30
 2017
We guarantee obligations of certain outside third parties
 consisting primarily of leases
 debt and grower loans
 years
September&#160;30
 2017
. We also maintain operating leases for various types of equipment
 some of which contain residual value guarantees for the market value of the underlying leased assets at the end of the term of the lease. The remaining terms of the lease maturities cover periods over the next 
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
We have cash flow assistance programs in which certain livestock suppliers participate. Under these programs
 we pay an amount for livestock equivalent to a standard cost to grow such livestock during periods of low market sales prices. The amounts of such payments that are in excess of the market sales price are recorded as receivables and accrue interest. Participating suppliers are obligated to repay these receivables balances when market sales prices exceed this standard cost
September&#160;30
 2017
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
. This receivable is included
 net of allowance for uncollectible amounts
 in Accounts Receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Even though these programs are limited to the net tangible assets of the participating livestock suppliers
 we also manage a portion of our credit risk associated with these programs by obtaining security interests in livestock suppliers&#8217; assets. After analyzing residual credit risks and general market conditions
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
When constructing new facilities or making major enhancements to existing facilities
 we will occasionally enter into incentive agreements with local government agencies in order to reduce certain state and local tax expenditures. Under these agreements
 we transfer the related assets to various local government entities and receive Industrial Revenue Bonds. We immediately lease the facilities from the local government entities and have an option to re-purchase the facilities for a nominal amount upon tendering the Industrial Revenue Bonds to the local government entities at various predetermined dates. The Industrial Revenue Bonds and the associated obligations for the leases of the facilities offset
 and the underlying assets remain in property
September&#160;30
 2017
Additionally
 we enter into future purchase commitments for various items
 such as grains
September&#160;30
 2017
1
2
We are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We routinely assess the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to those matters
 as well as ranges of probable losses
 to the extent losses are reasonably estimable. We record accruals for such matters to the extent that we conclude a loss is probable and the financial impact
 should an adverse outcome occur
 is reasonably estimable. Such accruals are reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements. In our opinion
 we have made appropriate and adequate accruals for these matters and believe the probability of a material loss beyond the amounts accrued to be remote; however
 the ultimate liability for these matters is uncertain
 and if accruals are not adequate
 lawsuits involving our beef
 pork and prepared foods plants in which certain present and past employees allege that we failed to compensate them for the time it takes to engage in pre- and post-shift activities
 such as changing into and out of protective and sanitary clothing and walking to and from the changing area
 work areas and break areas in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act and various state laws. The plaintiffs seek back wages
 liquidated damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
Bouaphakeo (f/k/a Sharp)
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 N.D. Iowa
 February 6
 - A jury trial was held involving our Storm Lake
 Iowa pork plant which resulted in a jury verdict in favor of the plaintiffs for violations of federal and state laws for pre- and post-shift work activities. The trial court also awarded the plaintiffs liquidated damages
$5
784
$2
692
. We appealed the jury's verdict and trial court's award to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The appellate court affirmed the jury verdict and judgment on August 25
 2014
 and we filed a petition for rehearing on September 22
 2014
 which was denied. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the United States Supreme Court
 which was granted on June 8
 2015
 and oral arguments before the Supreme Court occurred on November 10
 2015. On March 22
 2016
 the Supreme Court affirmed the appellate court&#8217;s rulings and remanded to the trial court to allocate the lump sum award among the class participants. On remand
 the trial court determined that the lump sum award should be allocated to class participants according to the method prescribed by plaintiffs&#8217; expert at trial. The trial court has yet to enter a judgment. Subsequently
 a joint notice advising the court of a global settlement of this case
 matter (described below)
 and the consolidated 
 inclusive of wages
 penalties
 interest
 attorneys&#8217; fees and costs
 and costs of settlement administration. The trial court held an approval hearing on October 11
Edwards
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a Tyson Fresh Meats
 Inc.
 S.D. Iowa
 March 20
 - The trial court in this case
 which involves our Perry and Waterloo
 Iowa pork plants
 decertified the state law class and granted other pre-trial motions that resulted in a judgment in our favor with respect to the plaintiffs&#8217; claims. The plaintiffs have filed a motion to modify this judgment. A joint motion for preliminary approval of the collective and class action settlement was filed on July 7
Murray
 et al. v. Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 C.D. Illinois
 January 2
DeVoss v. Tyson Foods
 Inc. d.b.a. Tyson Fresh Meats
 C.D. Illinois
 March 2
 - These cases involve our Joslin
 Illinois beef plant and are in their preliminary stages. A joint notice of settlement and a request to stay the proceedings was filed with and granted by the court on June 28
Dozier
 Southerland
 et al. v. The Hillshire Brands Company
 E.D. North Carolina
 September 2
 - This case involves our Tarboro
 North Carolina prepared foods plant. On March 25
 2016
$425
000
 which includes all of the plaintiffs&#8217; attorneys&#8217; fees and costs. The court preliminarily approved the joint motion for settlement
 and the final approval hearing is set for December 5
The Hillshire Brands Company was named as a defendant in an asbestos exposure case filed by Mark Lopez in May 2014 in the Superior Court of Alameda County
 California. Mr. Lopez was diagnosed with mesothelioma in January 2014 and is now deceased. Mr. Lopez&#8217;s family members asserted negligence
 premises liability and strict liability claims related to Mr. Lopez&#8217;s alleged asbestos exposure from 1954-1986 from the Union Sugar plant in Betteravia
 California. The plant
 which was sold in 1986
 was owned by entities that were predecessors-in-interest to The Hillshire Brands Company. In August 2017
 in favor of the plaintiffs
On September 2
 2016
 Maplevale Farms
 Inc.
 acting on behalf of itself and a putative class of direct purchasers of poultry products
 filed a class action complaint against us and certain of our poultry subsidiaries
 as well as several other poultry processing companies
 in the Northern District of Illinois. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims on behalf of putative classes of direct and indirect purchasers were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The court consolidated the complaints
 for pre-trial purposes
 into actions on behalf of three different putative classes: direct purchasers
. Several amended and consolidated complaints have been filed on behalf of each putative class. The currently operative complaints allege
 among other things
 that beginning in January 2008 the defendants conspired and combined to fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens in violation of United States antitrust laws. The complaints on behalf of the putative classes of indirect purchasers also include causes of action under various state unfair competition laws
 consumer protection laws
 and unjust enrichment common laws. The complaints also allege that defendants &#8220;manipulated and artificially inflated a widely used Broiler price index
 the Georgia Dock.&#8221; It is further alleged that the defendants concealed this conduct from the plaintiffs and the members of the putative classes. The plaintiffs are seeking treble damages
 injunctive relief
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
On October 17
 2016
 William Huser
 acting on behalf of himself and a putative class of persons who purchased shares of Tyson Foods' stock between November 23
 2015
 and October 7
 2016
 filed a class action complaint against Tyson Foods
 Inc.
 Donnie Smith and Dennis Leatherby in the Central District of California. The complaint alleged
 among other things
 that our periodic filings contained materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose that the Company has colluded with other producers to manipulate the supply of broiler chickens in order to keep supply artificially low
. Subsequent to the filing of this initial complaint
 additional lawsuits making similar claims were filed in the United States District Courts for the Southern District of New York
 the Western District of Arkansas
 and the Southern District of Ohio. Each of those cases have now been transferred to the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas and consolidated
 and lead plaintiffs have been appointed. A consolidated complaint was filed on March 22
 2017
 (which also named additional individual defendants). The consolidated complaint seeks damages
 pre- and post-judgment interest
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. We filed a motion to dismiss this complaint
 which the court granted on July 26
On January 20
 2017
 the Company received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) in connection with an investigation related to the Company. On August 23
 2017
 we received written notification that the SEC staff had concluded the investigation and did not intend to recommend an enforcement action against the Company based on the information available to the agency as of that date. Based upon the information we have
On March 1
 2017
 we received a civil investigative demand (CID) from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. The CID requests information primarily related to possible anticompetitive conduct in connection with the Georgia Dock
Our subsidiary
 The Hillshire Brands Company (formerly named Sara Lee Corporation)
 is a party to a consolidation of cases filed by individual complainants with the Republic of the Philippines
 Department of Labor and Employment and the National Labor Relations Commission (NLRC) from 1998 through July 1999. The complaint is filed against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation
 Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc.
 Fashion Accessories Philippines
 Inc.
 and Attorney Cesar C. Cruz (collectively
 the &#8220;respondents&#8221;). The complaint alleges
 among other things
 that the respondents engaged in unfair labor practices in connection with the termination of manufacturing operations in the Philippines by Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 a former subsidiary of The Hillshire Brands Company. In 2006
3
453
664
) in damages and fees. The respondents appealed the labor arbiter's ruling
 and it was subsequently set aside by the NLRC in December 2006. Subsequent to the NLRC&#8217;s decision
 the parties filed numerous appeals
 motions for reconsideration and petitions for review
 certain of which remained outstanding for several years. While various of those appeals
 motions and/or petitions were pending
 The Hillshire Brands Company
 on June 23
 2014
 without admitting liability
342
287
). Based in part on its finding that the consideration to be paid to the complainants as part of such settlement was insufficient
 the Supreme Court of the Philippines denied the respondents&#8217; settlement motion and all motions for reconsideration thereof. The Supreme Court of the Philippines also set aside as premature the NLRC&#8217;s December 2006 ruling. As a result
 the cases are now back before the NLRC
 which will once again rule on the respondents&#8217; appeals regarding the labor arbiter&#8217;s 2006 ruling in favor of the complainants. In the meantime
5
 complainants
68
$1
). The settlement payment was made on December 21
 2016
 to the NLRC
 which is responsible for distributing the funds to each settling complainant. On December 27
 2016
 the respondents filed motions for reconsideration with the NLRC asking that the award be set aside. The NLRC denied respondents' motions for reconsideration in a resolution received on May 5
 2017
 and entered a judgment on the award on July 24
 2017. Previously
 from May 10
 2017 to May 12
 2017
 Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines each filed petitions for certiorari with requests for an immediate temporary restraining order and a writ of permanent injunction with the Philippines Court of Appeals. On August 18
 2017
 the Court of Appeals granted a temporary restraining order precluding execution of the NLRC judgment against Aris Philippines
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Sara Lee Philippines
 Inc. The temporary restraining order will expire on November 21
 2017 unless further extended by a preliminary injunction. We have recorded an accrual for this matter for the amount of loss that
 at this time
 we deem probable and enforceable. This accrual is reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements and reflects an amount significantly less than the amount awarded by the labor arbiter in 2004 (i.e.
3
453
664
)). The ultimate enforceable loss is uncertain
 and if our accrual is not adequate
 an adverse outcome could have a material effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







in&#160;millions
9
9
9
10
1
1
1
1
9
9
9
9
1
1
1
1
 pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
 purchase accounting adjustment for the amortization of the fair value step-up of inventory related to AdvancePierre
Fourth quarter fiscal 2017
 pretax restructuring and related charges
 pretax expense from AdvancePierre purchase accounting and acquisition related costs
 which included 



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







TYSON FOODS
September&#160;30
 2017







The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







 Tyson Foods
 Inc. (collectively
 &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 is one of the world's largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson and grown under three generations of family leadership
 the Company has a broad portfolio of products and brands like Tyson&#174;
 Jimmy Dean&#174;
 Hillshire Farm&#174;
 Ball Park&#174;
 Wright&#174;
 Aidells&#174;
 ibp&#174; and State Fair&#174;. We innovate continually to make protein more sustainable
 tailor food for everywhere it&#8217;s available and raise the world&#8217;s expectations for how much good food can do




 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as majority-owned subsidiaries over which we exercise control and
 when applicable
 entities for which we have a controlling financial interest or variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.









 Cash equivalents consist of investments in short-term
 highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less
 which are made as part of our cash management activity. The carrying values of these assets approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash
 concentration accounts where funds are moved to
 and several zero-balance disbursement accounts for funding payroll
 accounts payable
 livestock procurement
 grower payments
 etc. As a result of our cash management system
 checks issued
 but not presented to the banks for payment
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 checks outstanding in excess of related book cash balances totaled approximately 
 respectively.




 We record accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 our allowance for uncollectible accounts was 
 respectively. We generally do not have collateral for our receivables
 but we do periodically evaluate the credit worthiness of our customers.




 Processed products
 livestock and supplies and other are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost includes purchased raw materials
 live purchase costs
 growout costs (primarily feed
 grower pay and catch and haul costs)
 labor and manufacturing and production overhead
In fiscal 2017
 of the cost of inventories was determined by the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method as compared to 



Property
 Plant And Equipment
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost and generally depreciated on a straight-line method over the estimated lives for buildings and leasehold improvements of 
We review the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of an asset. The fair value of an asset is generally measured using discounted cash flows including market participant assumptions of future operating results and discount rates.




 years based on the pattern of revenue expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Amortization expense is generally recognized in selling
 general
 and administrative expense. We review the carrying value of definite life intangibles at each balance sheet date if indication of impairment exists. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based on historical results and current projections of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization. We measure impairment as the excess of carrying value over the fair value of the definite life intangible asset. We use various valuation techniques to estimate fair value
 with the primary techniques being discounted cash flows
 relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized
 but are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. Our goodwill is allocated by reporting unit and is evaluated for impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary. If it is determined
 based on qualitative factors
 the fair value of the reporting unit may be more likely than not less than carrying amount
 or if significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit have occurred that could materially impact fair value
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. Additionally
In January 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued updated guidance simplifying the accounting for goodwill impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test
 which required a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We early adopted this guidance in the third quarter of fiscal 2017; however
We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of various valuation techniques
 including an income approach (discounted cash flow analysis) and market approaches (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization or EBITDA multiples of comparable publicly-traded companies and precedent transactions). Our primary technique is discounted cash flow analysis. These approaches use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy and requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates which consider our budgets
 business plans and economic projections
 and are believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Assumptions are also made for varying perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term business plan period. Generally
Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management
 including interest rates
 cost of capital
 tax rates
 market EBITDA comparables and credit ratings. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units
 it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value
During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our material reporting units' exceeded its carrying value. In fiscal 2015
For our indefinite life intangible assets
 a qualitative assessment can also be performed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates it is more likely than not an intangible asset is impaired. Similar to goodwill
 we can also elect to forgo the qualitative test for indefinite life intangible assets and perform the quantitative test. Upon performing the quantitative test
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
The fair value of our indefinite life intangible assets is calculated principally using relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings valuation approaches
 which use significant unobservable inputs
 or Level 3 inputs
 as defined by the fair value hierarchy
 and is believed to reflect market participant views which would exist in an exit transaction. Under these valuation approaches
 we are required to make estimates and assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 royalty rates and discount rates based on budgets
 business plans
 economic projections
 anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. During fiscal 2017
 2016 and 2015
 the fair value of each of our indefinite life intangible assets exceeded its carrying value. The discount rate used in our indefinite life intangible test was 




We also have investments in marketable debt securities. We have determined all of our marketable debt securities are available-for-sale investments. These investments are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices as of the balance sheet date
 with unrealized gains and losses
 net of tax
 recorded in other comprehensive income. The amortized cost of debt securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity. Such amortization is recorded in interest income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of debt securities and declines in value judged to be other than temporary are recorded on a net basis in other income. Interest and dividends on securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded in interest income.




 We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms in an effort to mitigate the potential liabilities for health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
 auto liability and general liability risks. Liabilities associated with our risks retained are estimated
 in part
 by considering claims experience
 demographic factors
 severity factors and other actuarial assumptions.




We recognize the funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation. We measure our plan assets and liabilities at the end of our fiscal year. For a defined benefit pension plan
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan
 such as a retiree health care plan
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Any overfunded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Any transitional asset/liability
 prior service cost or actuarial gain/loss that has not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic cost is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive income will be adjusted as these amounts are subsequently recognized as a component of net periodic benefit costs in future periods.




 We purchase certain commodities
 such as grains and livestock in the course of normal operations. As part of our commodity risk management activities
 we use derivative financial instruments
 primarily futures and options
 to reduce our exposure to various market risks related to these purchases
 as well as to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Contract terms of a financial instrument qualifying as a hedge instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item
 providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts designated and highly effective at meeting risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative instrument is accounted for as a hedge
 changes in the fair value of the instrument will be offset either against the change in fair value of the hedged assets
 liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of an instrument&#8217;s change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings as a component of cost of sales. Instruments we hold as part of our risk management activities that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported currently in earnings. Changes in market value of derivatives used in our risk management activities relating to forward sales contracts are recorded in sales
 while changes surrounding inventories on hand or anticipated purchases of inventories or supplies are recorded in cost of sales. We generally do not hedge anticipated transactions beyond 




 There are a variety of legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. Accruals are recorded when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on current law
 progress of each case
 opinions and views of legal counsel and other advisers
 our experience in similar matters and intended response to the litigation. These amounts
 which are not discounted and are exclusive of claims against third parties
 are adjusted periodically as assessment efforts progress or additional information becomes available. We expense amounts for administering or litigating claims as incurred. Accruals for legal proceedings are included in Other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.




 We recognize revenue when title and risk of loss are transferred to customers
 which is generally on delivery based on terms of sale. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 trade allowances and product returns.








Marketing
 Promotion and Advertising Costs
We promote our products with marketing
 advertising
 trade promotions
 and consumer incentives
 which include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 discounts
 rebates
 and volume-based incentives. Marketing and promotion costs are charged to operations in the period incurred. Customer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated as being due to customers
 based primarily on historical utilization and redemption rates
 while other marketing and promotional activities are recorded as selling
Advertising expense is charged to operations in the period incurred and is recorded as selling
 general and administrative expense. Advertising expense totaled $
 
 
 respectively.





 
 
 respectively.




 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




In August 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that eases certain documentation and assessment requirements of hedge effectiveness and modifies the accounting for components excluded from the assessment. Some of the modifications include the ineffectiveness of derivative gain/loss in highly effective cash flow hedge to be recorded in OCI
 the change in fair value of derivative to be recorded in the same income statement line as hedged item
 and additional disclosures required on the cumulative basis adjustment in fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on financial statement lines for components excluded from the assessment. The amendment also simplifies the application of hedge accounting in certain situations to permit new hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In May 2017
 the FASB issued guidance that clarifies which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which shortens the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which will change the presentation of net periodic benefit cost related to employer sponsored defined benefit plans and other postretirement benefits. Service cost will be included within the same income statement line item as other compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period
 while other components of net periodic benefit pension cost will be presented separately outside of operating income. Additionally
 only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization when applicable. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted and the retrospective transition method should be applied for the presentation of the service cost component and the other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost in the income statement
 and the prospective transition method should be applied
 on and after the effective date
In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to recognize the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets
 other than inventory
 in the period in which the transfer occurs. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which aims to eliminate diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that provides more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and changes the loss impairment methodology. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 our fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
In March 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification of related amounts within the statement of cash flows and impact on earnings per share. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted and the application of the guidance requires various transition methods depending on the specific amendment. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based payment awards to be recognized in the consolidated statements of income when the awards vest or are settled
 which is a change from the current guidance that requires such activity to be recorded in capital in excess of par value within stockholders' equity. We adopted this guidance prospectively which may create volatility in our effective tax rate when adopted depending largely on future events and other factors which may include our stock price
 timing of stock option exercises
 and the value realized upon vesting or exercise of shares compared to the grant date fair value of those shares. Under the new guidance
In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance which created new accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. The guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and lease liability for all leases with terms of more than 12 months. Recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease will depend on classification as a finance or operating lease. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures regarding the amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 our fiscal 2020. Early adoption is permitted and the modified retrospective method should be applied. While we are still evaluating the impact this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures
 we have completed our initial scoping reviews and have made progress in our assessment phase as we continue to identify our leasing processes that will be impacted by the new standard. We have also made progress in developing the policy elections we will make upon adoption and we are implementing software to meet the reporting requirements of this standard. We expect our financial statement disclosures will be expanded to present additional details of our leasing arrangements. At this time
In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance that requires most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent other changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. It should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption
 unless
 equity securities do not have readily determinable fair values
 in which case
In July 2015
 the FASB issued guidance which requires management to evaluate inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In May 2014
 the FASB issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers. The standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts. Companies have an option to use either a retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 our fiscal 2018. We plan to adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We continue to evaluate the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 but currently
 we do not expect the new guidance to materially impact our consolidated financial statements other than additional disclosure requirements.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.

























































Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in financial assets
 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
12)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for legal costs incurred to protect or defend the entity's assets and rights
 or to obtain assets
 including monetary damages
 or to obtain rights.




























The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for pension plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017






Schedule of Inventory
 Current
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
3
2
732




September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Accrued salaries
Accrued marketing
1
1
172
































































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017






Schedule of Business Acquisitions
 by Acquisition [Table Text Block]
The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price allocation and fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Certain estimated values for the acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 property
 plant and equipment
 and deferred income taxes
 are not yet finalized and are subject to revision as additional information becomes available and more detailed analyses are completed. The purchase price was allocated based on information available at acquisition date. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017
 we recorded measurement period adjustments which increased goodwill by 
Property
2
1
(1
3
207




1
1
515



Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block]
These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
39
38
1
1
686



Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]
September 30
Accounts receivable
Net Property
Intangible Assets
 net
































































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.




























Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.




























Tabular disclosure of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination or through an asset purchase
 by major class and in total
 including the value of the asset acquired
 any significant residual value (the expected value of the asset at the end of its useful life) and the weighted-average amortization period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant And Equipment (Tables)


Sep. 30
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]




Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment And Accumulated Depreciation
The following table reflects major categories of property
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
3
3
7
6
11
11
6
5
Net property
5
5
170



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Balance at October 3
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
Balance at October 1
1
1
4
7
1
4
6
2
2
Balance at September 30
1
1
3
2
9
1
3
2
9
324




September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
Patents
2
1
2
1
4
4
6
5
084



































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Total restructuring and related charges
Selling
Total restructuring and related charges
 pretax




The following table reflects our liability related to restructuring which was recognized in other current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30
 2017:



































Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total
 and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017












Unrecognized tax benefits
 net




September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
Property
2
1
3
3
2
2
541




September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
October&#160;3
 2015



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
10
6
9
6
200



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







A summary of cumulative share repurchases of our Class A stock for fiscal 2017
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
October&#160;3
1
1
944




The aggregate values assigned upon issuance of each component of the TEU's
 based on the relative fair value of the respective components of each TEU
in millions
1
1
1
1
454
































































Tabular disclosure of treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017






Schedule Of Earnings Per Share
 Basic And Diluted
in&#160;millions
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Class B weighted average shares
 and shares under if-converted method for diluted earnings per share



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







in millions
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
475
389
700













Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)














Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)














Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss)





































Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.




























Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







September&#160;30
October&#160;1
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
 2016
 we had 
 respectively
 of cash collateral posted with various counterparties where master netting arrangements exist and held no cash collateral.



Schedule Of Debt Securities Measured At Fair Value On A Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
September&#160;30
October&#160;1
 2016




September&#160;30
October&#160;1
 2016




September&#160;30
October&#160;1
10
10
6
6
279







Tabular disclosure of available-for-sale securities which includes
 but is not limited to
 changes in the cost basis and fair value
 fair value and gross unrealized gain (loss)
 fair values by type of security
 contractual maturity and classification
 amortized cost basis
 contracts to acquire securities to be accounted for as available-for-sale
 debt maturities
 transfers to trading
 change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) net of tax
 continuous unrealized loss position fair value
 aggregate losses qualitative disclosures
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses or other disclosures related to available for sale securities.




























Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs)
 by class of asset.
























































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to carrying amount and estimated fair value of short-term and long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to
 identification of terms
 features
 and collateral requirements.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Outstanding
 October 1
11
191
(5
172
(87
1
615
Outstanding
 September 30
7
547
Exercisable
 September 30
4
152
777









Nonvested
 October 1
1
602
734
25
(506
(141
Nonvested
 September 30
1
715
100




Nonvested
 October 1
2
147
965
(389
(565
Nonvested
 September 30
2
157
115







Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017

Retirement Benefits
 Description [Abstract]




Schedule Of Reconciliation Of Changes In Plans' Benefit Obligations
 Assets And Funded Status
The following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the plans&#8217; benefit obligations
September&#160;30
 2017
October&#160;1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
440














1
1
1
436




Recognized actuarial loss (gain)
 net



















The following tables show the categories of pension plan assets and the level under which fair values were determined in the fair value hierarchy
September&#160;30
1
1
October&#160;1
1
1
We classify insurance contracts as Level 3 as there is limited activity or less observable inputs into valuation models
 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available
 such as investment manager pricing. Significant changes to assumptions or unobservable inputs in the valuation of our Level 3 instruments would not have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements.




Balance at October 1
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance at September 30
 2017









In addition to regular contributions
 we could be obligated to pay additional contributions (known as complete or partial withdrawal liabilities) if it has unfunded vested benefits. 





























































































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts that are recognized in the balance sheet (or statement of financial position) for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.




























Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 and settlements.




























Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.

























































Tabular disclosure of the assumed health care cost trend rates for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plans
 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.

























































Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of taxes:




(a) Translation loss reclassified to Cost of Sales related to disposition of a foreign operation
 which is further described in Note 3: Acquisitions and Dispositions.




































Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss). Includes
 but is not limited to
 foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions  designated as economic hedges of a net investment in foreign entity
 gain (loss) and prior service cost (credit) for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017






Schedule Of Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment
14
5
11
7
(1
38
1
2
2
2
1
6
13
3
28
Additions to property
1
14
4
10
7
(1
36
1
2
2
2
1
5
11
22
Additions to property
17
5
11
7
(1
41
1
2
1
3
5
12
1
22
Additions to property
 plant and equipment







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







Interest
Income taxes
 net of refunds













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







September&#160;30
 2017
 were:




September&#160;30
 2017
1
2
701



































Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2017







in&#160;millions
9
9
9
10
1
1
1
1
9
9
9
9
1
1
1
1
089



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Business And Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Schedule Of Inventories Of Processed Products
 Livestock
 And Supplies Valued At Lower Of Cost Or Market) (Details) - USD ($)
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016











947


530



















239


732
































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Other Liabilities
 Current [Abstract]






Accrued salaries
 wages and benefits






Accrued marketing
 advertising and promotion expense















424


172







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Obligations not otherwise itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements that are due within one year or operating cycle
 if longer
 from the balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015










































































Fair Value Inputs
 Discount Rate


























Fair Value Inputs
 Discount Rate


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Property
 plant
 and equipment estimated lives


























Goodwill
 Impairment Loss








Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]












































Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life


























Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life


























Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life



































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Interest rate used to find the present value of an amount to be paid or received in the future as an input to measure fair value.  For example
 but not limited to
 weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
 cost of capital
 cost of equity and cost of debt.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 07
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015















324




669


667

























Goodwill
 Purchase Accounting Adjustments






















































Property
 Plant and Equipment














982











515











148)













































































207











Business Combination
 Recognized Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Tax Receivable Agreement

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































Amount of long-term debt due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















515













Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life



















Finite-Lived Intangible Asset
 Useful Life






125




































Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 from an acquisition.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016











330


406





837


686










































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]



























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






Accounts receivable
 net













Net Property
 Plant and Equipment




















Intangible Assets
 net



































































Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.






















































































Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.

























































Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions









Nov. 10
 2017
Jun. 07
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Jul. 02
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015



























324






324


669


667









































Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Per Share of Common Stock


















Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred



200



















982















Business Acquisition
 Goodwill
 Expected Tax Deductible Amount











































































Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred by Acquiree included in Pro Forma Results


















Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred included in Pro Forma Results
























































Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Inventory
























































Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred






















Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
 Per Share of Common Stock




























Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred by Acquiree included in Pro Forma Results




























Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred included in Pro Forma Results






















































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.






















































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































Apr. 24
 2017







Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








































































































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]









































Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | Facility Closing [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]




















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




















Disposal Group
 Consideration









































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




















Disposal Group
 Consideration









































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]










































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.

























































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant And Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

942


167





374


997



Net property
 plant and equipment

568


170





387












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

878


662










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

111


789










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross













Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross







































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015














Goodwill
 beginning of period


286


284



















Goodwill
 net


324


669



667



















982





















Goodwill
 end of period


941


286































Goodwill
 beginning of period


236


236



















Goodwill
 net















































Goodwill
 end of period


236


236































Goodwill
 beginning of period























Goodwill
 net















































Goodwill
 end of period



































Goodwill
 beginning of period


565


563



















Goodwill
 net


565


565



563








































Goodwill
 end of period


565


565































Goodwill
 beginning of period


005


005



















Goodwill
 net


678


005



005








































Goodwill
 end of period


678


005































Goodwill
 beginning of period























Goodwill
 net















































Goodwill
 end of period



































Goodwill
 beginning of period























Goodwill
 net


982
























982





















Goodwill
 end of period


982













































































 -Subparagraph (a
h)




























 -Subparagraph (a
h)



























Amount of increase (decrease)
 classified as other
 of an asset representing the future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016











500


277












165


006





078


078





243


084








































639





Patents
 Intellectual Property and Other [Member]













































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net [Abstract]

















Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
 2018








Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
 2019








Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
 2020








Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
 2021








Estimated amortization expense on intangible assets
 2022












The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017









Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]













Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost










Discloses the amount charged against the accrued restructuring reserves
 or earnings if not previously accrued
 during the period for the specified type of restructuring cost.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost




































































Discloses the amount charged against the accrued restructuring reserves
 or earnings if not previously accrued
 during the period for the specified type of restructuring cost.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment





























Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment





























Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment




























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Number of Positions Eliminated






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining




















Restructuring and Related Cost
 Expected Cost Remaining

































































































Discloses the amount charged against the accrued restructuring reserves
 or earnings if not previously accrued
 during the period for the specified type of restructuring cost.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015






















































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015





























Unrecognized tax benefits
 net

































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016









Deferred Tax Assets
 Property
 plant and equipment






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Property
 plant and equipment






Deferred Tax Assets
 Intangible assets






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible assets

424


979



Deferred Tax Assets
 Accrued expenses






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Accrued expenses






Deferred Tax Assets
 Net operating loss and other carryforwards






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net operating loss and other carryforwards






Deferred Tax Assets
 Other






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Other






Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross

597


095



Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation allowance






Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net

971


541







Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
















































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.



















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]









































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015




















Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Amount

















Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Settlement
 Foreign
 Amount








Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Domestic

603


543


908






























Unrecognized tax benefits
 income tax penalties and interest accrued


















































































































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






















































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Sep. 27
 2014


























































203


279
















297


200


















































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross

000


000
































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross

000


000
































Long-term debt
 gross

250


250
































Long-term debt
 gross

350


































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross



































Long-term debt
 gross





















Tangible Equity Units
 Carrying Amount of Debt Component




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks
 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Aug. 21
 2017
Jun. 07
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015
Aug. 18
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017










































737

















537


































007

















500








250









492











Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount






















159




995



























































































































































































































































































































































Line of Credit Facility
 Placement Limit

































Short-term Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate
 at Point in Time
















Debt Instrument
 Term


















































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



119

















181
































































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



750













Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount




















743













Debt Issuance Costs
 Gross


















































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
















Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis
















Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate


















































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



































































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
















Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis
















Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate


















































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
















Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis
















Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate


















































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



350
































































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount







































































146















































Letters of credit outstanding
 amount


















































Letters of credit outstanding
 amount






















































































































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
















Debt Issuance Costs
 Gross




















800


































Business Combination
 Recognized Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Tax Receivable Agreement




























Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current and Non Current Long-term Debt




























Line of Credit Facility
 Placement Limit

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of short-term borrowings using unsecured obligations issued by banks
 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.

























































The reference rate for the variable rate of the debt instrument
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































The cash outflow associated with security instruments that either represent a creditor or an ownership relationship with the holder of the investment security with a maturity of beyond one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015















944




































944




































868


































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions














Price per TEU
 Equity Component (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Price per TEU
 Debt Component (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Price per TEU
 Total (in dollars per share) | $ / shares




Gross Proceeds
 Equity Component

295



Gross Proceeds
 Debt Component




Gross Proceeds
 Total

500



Issuance cost
 Equity Component




Issuance cost
 Debt Component




Issuance cost
 Total




Net proceeds
 Equity Component

255



Net proceeds
 Debt Component




Net proceeds
 Total

454






























































































Payment of Tangible Equity Units Issuance Costs
 Debt Component




























Payment of Tangible Equity Units Issuance Costs
 Equity Component



















































































































Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Net




























Tangible Equity Units
 Debt Component
 Stated Amount Per Unit




























Tangible Equity Units
 Equity Component
 Stated Amount Per Unit




























Tangible Equity Units
 Stated Amount Per Unit





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































































Cash Dividends
 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock
 Maximum
















Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased | shares







800
000























000
000



TEUs
 Dividend Rate






























454
000
000



TEUs
 stated amount per unit (in dollars per unit)
















TEUs
 Equity Component | $













295
000
000



TEUs
 Debt Component | $









000
000




000
000



Convertible Debt [Member] | Tangible Equity Unit
 Senior Amortizing Note [Member]

































Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment | $





































































































Common stock
 par value
















Common Stock
 Vote Entitlement Per Share
















Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Cash Paid
















Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared
















Stock Repurchase Program
 Increase (Decrease) in Authorized Shares | shares





000
000













































Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared





































































































Common stock
 par value
















Common Stock
 Vote Entitlement Per Share
















Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Cash Paid
















Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared


















































Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared







































































Cash Dividends
 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock
 Maximum




























Common Stock
 Vote Entitlement Per Share

























































Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Net






















































































Stock Repurchase Program
 Increase (Decrease) in Authorized Shares




























Tangible Equity Unit
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage




























Tangible Equity Units
 Carrying Amount of Debt Component




























Tangible Equity Units
 Carrying Amount of Equity Component




























Tangible Equity Units Issued During Period
 Units
 New Issues




























Tangible Equity Units
 Stated Amount Per Unit




















































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Oct. 03
 2015
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015













































































Property
 plant
 and equipment impairment














Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Finite-lived



























































Property
 plant
 and equipment impairment





























Goodwill
 Impairment Loss



























































Foreign Currency Transaction Loss
 before Tax























































































































Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member] | San Diego Prepared Foods operation [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member]










































































Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs












































Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs














Republic of the Philippines
 Department of Labor and Employment and the National Labor Relations Commission [Member] | Other Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Member]





























Loss contingency
 provision












































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.

























































The difference between the carrying value and the sale price of equity securities
 not separately or otherwise categorized as trading or available-for-sale. This element includes investments in which the entity holds a small ownership stake (generally
 less than 20% of the shares outstanding) and cannot exert significant influence.
















































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 from reclassification
 impairment
 donation
 or changes classified as other. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Earnings Per Share (Schedule Of Earnings Per Share
 Basic And Diluted) (Details) - USD ($)
 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions




Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015


Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]










































778


772


224














































774


768


220





















428


535


065
































































































































Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]



































































177


279
















































































Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]
































































































































Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]













































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]

















Cash Dividends
 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock
 Maximum

















Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]








Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount | shares

















Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]








Undistributed earnings (losses)
 ratio used to calculate allocation to class of stock

















Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]








Undistributed earnings (losses)
 ratio used to calculate allocation to class of stock












Cash Dividends
 Paid Ratio To Other Class Of Stock
 Maximum




























Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Line Items]

























































Undistributed Earnings (Losses)
 Ratio Used to Calculate Allocation to Class of Stock























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 lb in Millions
 bu in Millions
 $ in Millions
































Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount | bu




















Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount | T

200


700

















Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount




















Derivative
 Nonmonetary Notional Amount




















Derivative
 Notional Amount | $










Aggregate notional amount of derivative expressed in nonmonetary units. For example
 the number of barrels specified in a fuel oil forward purchase contract.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015
























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015





























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015










































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)







































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset






Derivative
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability and Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset






Available-for-sale Securities
 Current






Available-for-sale Securities
 Noncurrent




















Derivative Liability
 Netting













Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability and Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Derivative Liability
 Netting






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability and Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Derivative Liability
 Netting






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 1 [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Available-for-sale Securities
 Current






Available-for-sale Securities
 Noncurrent



























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 1 [Member] | Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 1 [Member] | Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 2 [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Available-for-sale Securities
 Current






Available-for-sale Securities
 Noncurrent



























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 2 [Member] | Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 2 [Member] | Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 3 [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Available-for-sale Securities
 Current






Available-for-sale Securities
 Noncurrent



























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 3 [Member] | Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities






Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 3 [Member] | Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]






Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Assets






Derivative Financial Instruments
 Liabilities







































Amount of investment in debt and equity securities categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and intended be sold or mature one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading and which are intended to be sold or mature more than one year from the balance sheet date or operating cycle
 if longer. Such securities are reported at fair value; unrealized gains (losses) related to Available-for-sale Securities are excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity (other comprehensive income)
 unless the Available-for-sale security is designated as a hedge or is determined to have had an other than temporary decline in fair value below its amortized cost basis. All or a portion of the unrealized holding gain (loss) of an Available-for-sale security that is designated as being hedged in a fair value hedge is recognized in earnings during the period of the hedge
 as are other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for investments in equity securities and debt securities that an entity intends to sell or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Other than temporary declines in fair value below the cost basis for debt securities categorized as Available-for-sale that an entity does not intend to sell and for which it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before the recovery of its amortized cost basis are bifurcated into credit losses and losses related to all other factors. Other than temporary declines in fair value below cost basis related to credit losses are recognized in earnings
 and losses related to all other factors are recognized in other comprehensive income.




























Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 and obligation to return cash collateral under master netting arrangements.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Fair value of asset associated with financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 and right to receive cash collateral under master netting arrangements.


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Fair Value Measurements (Schedule Of Debt Securities Measured At Fair Value On A Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation) (Details) - USD ($)



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]













Total realized and unrealized gains (losses)
 Included in earnings






Total realized and unrealized gains (losses)
 Included in other comprehensive income (loss)


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016









Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]


































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]

























































































This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 if any.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016









Total Debt
 Fair Value

591


698



Total Debt
 Carrying Value

203


279







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Oct. 03
 2015
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]














Other than Temporary Impairment Losses
 Investments
 Portion Recognized in Earnings
 Net














Other than Temporary Impairment Losses
 Investments
 Portion in Other Comprehensive Loss
 Net of Tax
 Portion Attributable to Parent





























Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. [Member] | Accounts Receivable [Member] | Customer Concentration Risk [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]














Concentration
 Percentage





























Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]














Goodwill
 Impairment Loss














Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Transfers and Changes












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Transfers and Changes














Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Finite-lived












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Prepared Foods [Member] | San Diego Prepared Foods operation [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Facility Closing [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | San Diego Prepared Foods operation [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Transfers and Changes














Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Finite-lived





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | San Diego Prepared Foods operation [Member] | Cost of Sales [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | San Diego Prepared Foods operation [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Other [Member] | Chicken Production Operations in China [Member] | Cost of Sales [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Facility Closing [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Beef [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Facility Closing [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Facility Closing [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | Cost of Sales [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Facility Closing [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



























































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]














Concentration
 Percentage





























Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]





























Non-Protein Business [Member] | Fair Value
 Measurements
 Nonrecurring [Member] | Operating Segments [Member] | Prepared Foods [Member] | Cost of Sales [Member]














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



























































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
















































































































































Amount after tax of other than temporary impairment loss (OTTI) on investments in available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities
 recognized in other comprehensive loss and attributable to parent entity.




























The amount of other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses on equity securities
 OTTI related to credit losses on debt securities
 and OTTI losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Additionally
 this item includes OTTI losses recognized during the period on investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.




























Amount of increase (decrease) of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 from reclassification
 impairment
 donation
 or changes classified as other. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions










Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]




Shares Under Option - Outstanding
 October 1
 2016 | shares

191
656





172
485)





361)





615
708



Shares Under Option - Outstanding
 September 30
 2017 | shares

547
518



Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Outstanding
 October 1
 2016 | $ / shares



















Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Outstanding
 September 30
 2017 | $ / shares




Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) - Outstanding
 September 30
 2017




Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Outstanding
 September 30
 2017 | $




Shares Under Option - Exercisable
 September 30
 2017 | shares

152
777



Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share - Exercisable at September 30
 2017 | $ / shares




Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) - Exercisable
 September 30
 2017




Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Exercisable
 September 30
 2017 | $


































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015






































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested [Roll Forward]








Number of Shares - Nonvested
 October 1
 2016 | shares

602
866









954









751









773)


000)


000)





698)







Number of Shares - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | shares

715
100


602
866





Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share - Nonvested
 October 1
 2016 | $ / shares












































Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | $ / shares








Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years)
 Nonvested
 September 30
 2017








Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | $












Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 nonvested dividends




























Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 dividends
 period weighted average grant date fair value




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions










Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]




Number of Shares - Nonvested
 October 1
 2016 | shares

147
069





687





797)





844)



Number of Shares - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | shares

157
115



Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share - Nonvested
 October 1
 2016 | $ / shares



















Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Per Share - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | $ / shares




Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years)
 Nonvested
 September 30
 2017




Aggregate Intrinsic Value - Nonvested
 September 30
 2017 | $








The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015













094
438





























































Stock-based compensation expense
 net of income taxes



















100
000


800
000


800
000







































Amount realized
 related to excess tax deductions

















Total unrecognized compensation cost
 time frame for recognition
 weighted average number of years


























Stock-based compensation expense
 net of income taxes

















Total unrecognized compensation cost
 time frame for recognition
 weighted average number of years



















773)


000)


000)



Restricted stock awards
 grant date fair value of shares vested



































Stock-based compensation expense
 net of income taxes

















Total unrecognized compensation cost
 time frame for recognition
 weighted average number of years



















797)

























Vesting rights
 performance criteria


























Vesting rights
 performance criteria












Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Unrecognized cost of unvested share-based awards
 other than options
 awarded to employees as compensation.
















































































































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.

























































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.



















































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Pensions And Other Postretirement Benefits (Reconciliation Of Changes In Plans' Benefit Obligations
 Assets And Funded Status) (Details) - USD ($)



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015











Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]

























































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]

























































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]










440


















512


440














Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]

























































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]

























































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]










554


785






































































477


554


785



Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]










440


576




















































512


440


576
















Defined Benefit Plan
 Other




























Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.

























































Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.
















































































































































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




























Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.

























































Amount of increase (decrease) in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from change
 classified as other.

























































Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016




































































































































Amount of asset (liability)
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.




























Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.

























































Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as current.




























Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 classified as noncurrent.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016



































































































































Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016























































550







550







436















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015
























































Recognized actuarial (gain) loss
 net
















































































Recognized actuarial (gain) loss
 net
















































































Recognized actuarial (gain) loss
 net





















































































































Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015













































































































































Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















One Percentage Point Increase
 Effect on postretirement benefit obligation




One Percentage Point Decrease
 Effect on postretirement benefit obligation











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016




































































































































































































Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




























Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


















Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets


512


440



















Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets


469


399



















Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets























Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets











 including current interest rates and estimated prepayment
 default and recovery rates on the underlying portfolio or structured investment vehicle. The insurance contracts are valued using the plan&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets based on the best information available









































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]



















Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net



















Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets [Roll Forward]



















Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net


















Amount
 measured using unobservable inputs
 of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) on assets sold.




























Amount
 measured using unobservable inputs
 of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) on assets still held.

























































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




























Amount
 measured using unobservable inputs
 of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from purchases
 sales and settlements.




























Amount
 measured using unobservable inputs
 of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan
 for assets transferred into (out of) Level 3 of fair value hierarchy. Includes
 but is not limited to
 transfer due to change in observability of significant inputs.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Pensions And Other Postretirement Benefits (Multiemployer Plans) (Details) - Multiemployer Plans
 Pension [Member] - Bakery and Confectionary Union &amp; Industry International Pension Fund [Member] - USD ($)



Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016










Multiemployer plan
 contributions















Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date


  2015














Multiemployer Plans
 Surcharge Imposed

























































Expiration date of the collective bargaining arrangement requiring contributions to the multiemployer plan
 in CCYY-MM-DD format. A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




































Defined contribution retirement programs
 expenses recognized








Healthcare cost trend rate
 assumed
 retirees who do qualify for Medicare








Healthcare cost trend rate
 assumed
 retirees who do not yet qualify for Medicare








Healthcare cost trend rate
 ultimate rate








Multiemployer Plans
 Pension [Member] | Bakery and Confectionary Union &amp; Industry International Pension Fund [Member]

















Multiemployer plan
 contributions








Multiemployer Plans
 Pension [Member] | Bakery and Confectionary Union &amp; Industry International Pension Fund [Member] | Pension and Other Postretirement Plans
 Contributions
 Total [Member] | Multiemployer Plans Concentration Risk [Member]

















Concentration
 Percentage (less than)


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Plans | plan

















Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets

512


440


















































Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation








Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets












































Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Plans Subject to Partial Settlement
 Health and Life Insurance Related | plan








Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates | plan








Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation Not Impacted by Healthcare Cost Trend








Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates
 Consisting of Fixed Annual Payments | plan








Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates
 Life Insurance Related | plan








Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation Not Impacted by Healthcare Cost Trend Due to Plan Amendments








Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Unfunded Non-Qualified Plans | plan

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation








Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets



































Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Funded Qualified Plans | plan










477


554














Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation

477


554


785












Defined Benefit Pension
 Fair Value of Plan Assets

512


440


576






























Defined Benefit Plan
 Cost of Providing Special and Contractual Termination Benefits


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Cost of Providing Special and Contractual Termination Benefits












Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation Not Impacted by Healthcare Cost Trend




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation Not Impacted by Healthcare Cost Trend Due to Plan Amendments




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year
 Retirees Who Do Not Yet Qualify for Medicare




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year
 Retirees Who Qualify for Medicare




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Funded Qualified Plans




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Plans




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Plans Subject to Partial Settlement
 Health and Life Insurance Related




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Plans Subject to Settlement




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Number of Unfunded Non-Qualified Plans




























Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates




























Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates
 Consisting of Fixed Annual Payments




























Defined Benefit Plans
 Not Impacted by Heathcare Cost Trend Rates
 Life Insurance Related




























defined benefit plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets
 number of plans




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.










































































































































































































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]













































Accumulated appreciation or loss
 net of tax
 in value of the total of available-for-sale securities at the end of an accounting period.




























Accumulated change
 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.




























Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015












Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Before Tax









Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Income Tax









Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Taxes





























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 before Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax





























Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 before Tax









Reclassification from AOCI
 Current Period
 Tax









Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Net of Tax





























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 before Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax





























Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 before Tax









Reclassification from AOCI
 Current Period
 Tax









Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Net of Tax





























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 before Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Tax









Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax





























Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Current Period
 before Tax









Reclassification from AOCI
 Current Period
 Tax









Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 Net of Tax





























Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Before Tax









Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Income Tax









Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Taxes













































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).

























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).




























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Segment Reporting (Segment Reporting Information
 By Segment) (Details) - USD ($)




Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015





























145


850


083


182


156


403


170


152


260


881


373





















931


833


169














































628


598


921






























066








373








066


373


969



Additions to property
 plant and equipment

















069











































































823


513


236























































938








764








938


764


009



Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























































































238


909


262























































132








039








132


039





Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























































































409


927


390





















053


305


366






























630








836








630


836


731



Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























































































853


346


822























































466








814








466


814


006



Additions to property
 plant and equipment























































































































































900
















900




296



Additions to property
 plant and equipment




























































































412)


194)


216)





































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

























































Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























































































































145)


850)


083)


182)


156)


403)


170)


152)


260)


881)


373)























































600








300








600


300

























































000








600








000


600



























































































































































Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. [Member]

















































Concentration
 Percentage
























Geographic Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | UNITED STATES

















































Concentration
 Percentage




























































































900)


500)


100)





















































Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs





















































































































412


194


216




































































































































































































































Maximum [Member] | Geographic Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Other than the United States [Member]

















































Concentration
 Percentage
































































































000







This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015











Interest
 net of amounts capitalized








Income taxes
 net of refunds












The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.




























Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions




























Donald J. Tyson Revocable Trust
 Berry Street Waste Water Treatment Plant
 LP
 and the sisters of Mr. Tyson [Member] | Water Plant [Member]





















Related Party Transaction
 Number of Operating Leases | lease





















Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party











































Shares
 Outstanding | shares













































































































Shares
 Outstanding | shares










Donald Smith and John Randal Tyson [Member] | Buchan
 Ltd [Member]





















Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction










Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee
 Cumulative Percentage Ownership after All Transactions










Due from Joint Ventures
 Current











































Related Party Transaction
 Number of Operating Leases

























































Amounts due from an entity in which the reporting entity shares joint control with another party or group
 due within 1 year (or 1 business cycle).



















































































































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















750






























701



































Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).




























Amount of the fixed and determinable portion of the unrecorded unconditional purchase obligation maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015











Operating Leases
 Rent Expense

000
000


000
000


000
000



Lease
 Maximum Initial Term








Guarantor Obligations
 Current Carrying Value










000
000











000
000
































Fair Value Disclosure
 Off-balance Sheet Risks
 Face Amount
 Asset

000
000

























Guarantor Obligations
 Maximum Exposure
 Period










000
000



























000
000







Guarantor Obligations
 Maximum Exposure
 Remaining Lease Period










000
000











Cash Flow Assistance Program
 Estimated Allowance For Uncollectible Receivables




























Cash Flow Assistance Program
 Potential Maximum Obligation




























Cash Flow Assistance Program
 Receivables




























Guarantee Obligations
 Recourse Provisions
 Value




























Guarantor Obligations
 Maximum Exposure
 Period




























Guarantor Obligations
 Maximum Exposure
 Remaining Lease Period




























Lease
 Maximum Initial Term




























The face amount of financial assets
 which are not recognized in the financial statements (off-balance sheet) because they fail to meet some other criterion for recognition.



















































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























































































































































































Loss Contingency
 Estimate of Possible Loss





















700
000


287
800

























































Loss contingency
 damages awarded











784
758















Loss contingency
 damages sought









692
145

















Joint Notice- Bouaphakeo
 Edwards
 Murray
 DeVoss Cases [Member]





















































Litigation Settlement
 Amount Awarded to Other Party

600
000















































































Loss contingency
 damages sought







000









































































Loss contingency
 damages awarded













000
000













Republic of the Philippines
 Department of Labor and Employment and the National Labor Relations Commission [Member]





















































Loss contingency
 damages awarded















000
000


453
664
710




































Loss Contingency
 Number of Plaintiffs | Plantiffs



984


984





















Loss Contingency
 Estimate of Possible Loss Per Complainant



325


000






















































Loss Contingency
 Estimate of Possible Loss Per Complainant






















































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015




145


850


083


182


156


403


170


152


260


881


373





351


202


047


483


089


224


183


201


083


697


917





















931


833


169





















778


772


224





















774


768


220































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015































































































































































































Restructuring and Related Cost
 Incurred Cost






























































Business Acquisition
 Expense from Purchase Accounting and Acquisition Related Costs






























































Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs






























































Business Combination
 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment
 Inventory






























































Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred included in Pro Forma Results




















































































































Business Acquisition
 Expense from Purchase Accounting and Acquisition Related Costs




























Business acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Transaction Related Expenses Incurred included in Pro Forma Results






















































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.

























































Discloses the amount charged against the accrued restructuring reserves
 or earnings if not previously accrued
 during the period for the specified type of restructuring cost.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2017
Oct. 01
 2016
Oct. 03
 2015
































































































































































































































Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to accounts other than costs and expenses.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.





















































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( % ];4L?(\\#P    !




*=A<CHEV;.Z[
M%R/SW2 :/'#'@A64JXA$%MGV<($+.)%*9VJ#&1Y2Z=\0X7?/Q,S0QS-10
MH)8SJ%*!


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS


4VWR%*HG4))HV:9.J3MM^NXF3H )FMI-T







E0@ W3J7P8$
M
G


0'T5!
-F5'C4^AC%OLJ&:F


M='

MH-Z=;)'5B_)J+^TOA[(JLJ:]K(Y!?:ULMN^+BCR 
-1!D9TO_GK9WWNIULOR

4151PAQ1%Y2A0:
M]*V%%(Z0;U**203$?-R-2M7]RWHJ5Q'=V.V/J;=12(W,1$)(L*SGT+:/QZ




M\/8%U+XBG&LC

RYX;6R%EEUOVR 4




7OBIWEI!V85%XX?S6=
M[]M%&!LB5K.-



M]=^JM=_S$/]B@PUX


OW2QVTNTER032492^XHN[K;[D@UW-


MSGQ
XF#.OE2E].7).X!]R4XAD%1#-]:L8^:N-=6[^IN_6 )DD=6$ SN2*O
M:3^X8Y%/F[JTR)L%%63F\D(JE+O$@ H7'YQ8!-[:#PC[S.Z--VAN'


^'=J05*7%E(AX@(#*IR[1R*:O

B_9



FVZHHNA_WL


(N6D#;)X1$&4&91)
I$DXR1DT%89:T2C]H2$AS#7
M$1(KDEA.H@F)Y8T !1$R-I

<3.)%$L])+'QK)$LHW98R'((_<$E.P@Q5ER*B'%VO$:#141




TVS'Q%.:QZ8BR-I%KTU%MHJ!-]'11$U*V
M?Q.(T
C:1*Y-1[6)7(@]#%WJI51F(HL]1G:47)N.:A.Y$0$\HQ%2&-N
H2Q.
MY.+T5)Q2!BC+P\P]B:Q
Y

MRTYSV8&*W5=94MK]_



M7+YQ7DZZ^C1]OTVO'Y&7_P-02P






421*@]_

 2CP8\^
:9WPQF*4S#
MF7"%%J1P@52D-C]D=4?65**9RD93?Y ZFW\639&D_Y',P&)K2Q!229@<2+


&J_=\A]0
M2P




M-


MC@%^/
 / ?XC@QT-2(: Y!C@]&A .@2D'P'C)65#0/8QK.
![:@/



M2X/FZJ#1@28+-7.@47&HN48:%6IND$:'F@72F%#S%6ELJ+E%&A=JEERC?2A9


]$'C




9D$
MAG 

VG@:@$(BJ






M

:D4[I=A&IO&![G$!UAVPL=82.<]'3
MGX[&-6$M O(<<J?4$3J.,_K3TG+0A*=VYDPPJ$Z@GD,&E3IQZD7I5[ZW4%@



C


NF:)N
S]K&GHO\X?AA







T_B=)S\UP SHWH$L#


MR1[^UTU/TUU]7QH[7P3O?:S9C5JZ%IS401=]$L7A+I8D6I.MQUD6L'F5I(#
M6$3#






MAA-IV*A^YO(! YI49D^@B3T/F(%)_
F0SG\R'9PU-_=1#BE#(I8+%X@23_8R
M.-\;!M.;2L

#$?2L!8E+/UJ31Q[_&*\&
T7$RD06^V7)(8RH#)6IC$@(O(
MT6#$F$A;CD-I.0+Y7QK6FIEAF22@*O:D7H.A9@#5I)V5T3C2BT)K9I(F.1#Y
MTQH&FP%DB]5S!YBD%H76S%26 !IBCU\


 /K&D)6EHS$P8
MRX$C63R7Q$2J-/)L:0DSB#2#3R128 OB?(,1#*/YDCDVS\1IA !L620@3@
M(5

MW*%^+


M[6(



M4 2EDIH


M



M9GQN
?

%1:45/+H*P.B6!T)

1&G2\!D1Q6#D37PQH=!U=GB*6K7X?SV6:RKMX.


\QXL/Q'4;_N#LWDN6K;JAS.(5^JJG6=


MVV[;




M


M$/TKB!]0')*U661;:CI-J]1*4:=MGXE]ME'!YP&.VW\_P*[G=MX7X(Y[[]X=

QV!D0905HQGB37


U? ?WHSL9
M;[&9I90:6BNQ)0:JC-YN#L==B(\!/R4
=G$FH9(SXG
P[LN

M/9\HF8I_@ LH'QZ4^!P%*AM74O36H9Y8O!0M7L9=MG$?QIN;_01;!_ )P&?
M/N9A8Z*H_(MP(D\-#L2

$96Q'OO'CKO9=\\SE)V24033''
M
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P+GAM;'U3VV[;, S]
M%4$?45VFG6!;:#I

M@3N0



$B7U&U_3-\2#JQ@4'R].6U_ +W._V9+S%)I92

M5/Z5.YZG!GMBAMZW/#SQ^I#XWA3!&5L1[[QXZ[V7?'USG;)+(!ICCD-

H^9
UT):<T?F7C?VO$!UX*:LK/T*-_V3
M(:%RX7CMSV88L\%PV(X_B$W?./\+4$L#!!0    ( % ];4O)\C5_M $  -(#


M(*]:&9_3-H3NP)@O6]#7]D.#-[4UFD1T'0-\YT#42605HQO-C=,VEHD27?


M^YRKZ4X\K_@?!V^6U6X2_;WQ3^(_]^E6?';_+7$MYD^5;-%3#:Y)T^1)

M_(!G-X[9: 3;33^(S=^X^ E02P
$%     @ 4#UM2Y_K56JU 0  T@
  !D

=F(YL6V (Z\:M79

2UD1XLL^LZFR'!P

]=Q2
A?_!:Z@?'A0
9A4Z*H_%$X460&




$%     @ 4#UM2QCV:_RU 0  T@
  !D   !X


M8HD;M!;VYQF4&7.ZHV^.)]FT/CA8D?6B@:_@O_47BQ9;6JIH7/2=,1G=.'

\[2N;B/\
-%(8')9BC
M-


-_:^-\8!2DCL<H18_V&(HJ'TXWN/93F,V
M&=[T\P]BRS<N?@%02P,$%     @ 4#UM2WL=#O2T 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W





M/'%ZY+XW97#&5L0[G[SUWFO!DX\9NP:A&7.:



)IILSJB?

!]'%_!?AXM%BRTLM=30.VEZ8J$IZ$-V.A]? SX
M)F%RJS


MZ

M^0M02P
$%     @ 4#UM2_HRVXJU 0  T@

1E='[Y'C:A?@8\$/X!9G
M$BJY&/
2C*]E1C=!$@H?& 0N%WA 90*1CCU\1)YY0!N#Q_L'^.M6
M%^'@


BQ-T5P




M2P

M965T

M/?^]0+NU:N
78(9Y;]X



MN3:G!THJJ




M.2YX;6Q]4]N.TS 0_17+'[!NW5*J*HFT781  JE:!#R[R22QUI=@.\WR]XR=
M;#9 X



M4_]K:P.@E

M6^):S/ZO)&S14P6FCM-D28&]CI.\\



CIEKXZGF33^NA@1=:)!KZ










MW

GRK9

M!X1=[$U7*]M2-E'42JVT2M7VF;7'-@H8%_ Z_?L.V'&MUNH+


Y9RX
V6CL
MJVL!/'G3JG



MS
5_AALHA(=

$9IE(LK*0?GC9Y5
!4MWJ9==G$?IYOT

G8+0C-F/.$X2O

MFG:!;:#I


Q220W&

H%8E0
X=F-8S8:P7;3#V+S-RY^ 5!+ P04     !0/6U+[EJ<@[8!  #2 P




@C03[_Y:X$9
F?R5AJYYJ

M'+HXR2OO
K#W/+[)[_!IVK\(T\C.DBLZ_[*Q_S6B R\EN?

M;_W93&

$%     @ 4#UM2YZ'#4^T 0  T@
  !D

+?V X
WM36:1'0= WSG0-1)9!6C&\V!Z:%-+3(DN_LBLSV
M04D#9T=\K[5POT^@[)#3+7UV/

ZM^RBJT.;VEI():]H\V.$33/6\HV0J_@M<06%X
M5((Y2JM\6DG9^V#UQ()2M'@:=VG2/HPWA\




_15!'U EBI
5@6V@Z3!L

F+DMIEM/&^

U_ #_LSM;M-C
4K8*M&N-)A:JC-YM


;G$FH9*+









.3+BIT6KA@VD;YCH+HDH@K1C?;.Z9%M+0(DN^BRTR[+V2!BZ6N%YK


M4\ W8-;G$FLY(KX'(V/54XW41 H*'UD$&&[P2,H%8FC!\3)YU31N#R_
K^



M:&5E='

MVOL0/N;HT2SINF9K8S(






MQU@;X! OA;CKT7W4'N55RK=V\?6XB9

HRY;)YO&[)XT'
MS39P?/_!_MD=WA[FE6OQ)



O\



 LLLH BT0

M(/
UIA6SK$&3;!D@D%76:^@Z8@E@;JBP:
2@&%7V$0%@QMWZ2-F$8O1I



P=N_4$L#!!0    ( % ];4LKZMU%



JLT]F)FNQLT[1)FTRV:?O



M


M[PW

M

M#:&4=5]BSW N
X['Z2CDJVH -'KCK%
9;K3N3X2HH@%.U8/HH3-?*B$YU2:4


<RPX$M!@4VBI0L]S@&1BS0J:
7[




N
+L%@0QZHM%Z+




S+GAM;&U3











M ET(^QB'3(%BYE^98V5N](C


[D
0LNJI!-/&:;*HTH.*D[SR+@-[1^.;_(-/T_[(3
N516?M_
O&_C=:
M._I)%=^A#K_P19#0./\=:?S31FD^%T/_\@LGSC\B]02P
$%     @ 4#UM




TW#Q?^!S2WVA

M2P

AINY!4'.G!I!NIU5:

MR&08IWGG\'ZAQ0G90LA6PGW(0^9$P?D':FE5:#4A/9_]0/T5I\?
G4WM@^$H






M6V'LZ
F6'J9^@7NOP+T3B/]K
=FUZ
.\8W+PFAP\ @\[$Q_F@]\D\9HD;P5(
MN#/Q8=[Y7:G7)/4(D)V)#Q/O3/#F'*0C;M\I5B[-W%WV37^_U(W!'^!Y\?





( 5



O(0-Q??Y4?XRU^UK.S
*]
A2=.#]3WI@K.
MV(IXYY.WWGLI,[K+R24(S9CCA*$K3+H@B%=?0MM$$?Z'YUNT[/-#+-(WZ_I

M+W-H965T

LBC.[TXF:[&S3M$F;3+9I^YO1JY(%



M*?&+U[8K\ &C&AHVONLIL^PU+/':G^*UQ!.+C/Q


)!]-,C^O46W 2)86X[2387)T&WX<D:5*FQ



M316U4BNM4K5]9NVQC0+& ;Q._[X#]KINZA=@AG/.7!BRT=@7UP)X\J95YW+:


H%80PC==9DRXA


X$OA/M(8%.@F/DGX46163
2



_ET0MNJI!MO$:7*D-$
7
LN22$1(4;%6U
M4BM%6W7[[)!)0&MC:INP_?O:AJ5L=B*E+]@S/G-FCFW&62_DBZH M/?*6:-R
MO]*ZW1BR@HX50^BA<:LG(3D5!M3GHEJ)=C^*
1$&0$$[KQB\RY]O+(A.=

J_^R B3[W0__-\52?*VT=I






*9R^#F/=N+$?5E;1&(8'1&- - 6D+@\9$KG*



Y=#
MEQP
+=KQ!2#3



2YX;6QU5&V/G 0_BN$'WXNNIUHR:WUS1M






M='




MJN!1L)]=I=L\. :H@IJ.3#^)Z3

_%A
M_O.[4J])ZA$@.Q
?)MJ9X

M965T-#

M0C9

M5Y-U8$
F%B&%27&2)BBP1@I4G@F$R71%15*$8.V)()A5
MA(NL4)$50D ]$0PSD]0,%<D0@L03P3 +7&2-BJP1 C_Q&&8F\33.RA*/S4
MHZ9W-.93J4(A9]]#)3-I)^B[;JC



MF-5D_
-0_ 502P

H('5@20%H4ER1R3C/2[S$#OI


M].YZ.3



M&UZL094:^S MF^@Z%(_AH9!_\'FBOC'=\MZ@L[+N]80[;I2RX$I);EPMG1OB





ZH+N0$$BH7%#@?KO!(T@9A'P:
MOV9-NH0,Q/7Y5?UCK-W7<N46'E'^%+7KGI/20T-'Z1[PO$3S/4<*)F+_P(W

O$Q*I0VKJ0:K$
UJ_A4%'^9=J'C/DXWAVRF;1.2F9 LA/L8ATV!8N8?
MN.-E;G D9NI]S\





0IC&

4SVWE$S%?X4K

A$.
P\9 
?
G
M[GF163

&9VQ%O


.^#L$5/%=@F
M3I

97.#(]3B!YL-



&.7JB%Z4

MWA9-O*9TQ.W\4_W!UVYK.3
-]Y+_ZBK3YO@6HPIJ-G+S(J='6.I)
5J*_P87


$D:$-A=

MTB0Y



G;<%L@V!;(HL/^GQ,.[
M$K<P#^^L%5/%=@V3I
CE1ETG.25=QG8QS2^R5_X-.U?N6V%=N1J/+YL[']C
MC =


$%     @ 4#UM




ML(-$5I#( K(ZN&.TV23T5\=_LFC^U9'8A);0/ *)-[T'0=XOR+9BH($KWN
M%E=?/T7?+\VG7 N3*I_D;GK%6,2E*'WI+QJ]?K-PJ5U--$S?GX!HP+R?KI
M>4/S&YO_!5!+ P04     !0/6U+].:B4?8!  !M!0  &0   'AL+W=O

NE&+^



LY&

M*8%(K!2!*8^N:.([0:AU2 T!N&=0;)I8]+$1M,;39*&FT;VFC@)[21%22R


UY]
-
 62#?/EAI8;MO@'4$L#!!0    ( % ];4MG_E(DNP




MV3':RQ]2_SP^YN65UV79QJG


78N@SXTFR82PBRF)=A]S)@
M7S&QI,N8I/[U7)L*^[?H1:!R&)?CKW'@6/(1A4[AO



M
PBP

M9DV^![0&(#:V



MW\\8EQ+?T?4EV
8W8+_T[
M<OM :6=@$+]R<6E':Z]+Y4G*YV[S9;?TPRXB48BMZEQD^G$6&U$4G2<=QQ_K
MU!\X.\/Q^M7[)Y.\3N8I:\5&%K_SG3HN_=3W=F*?G0KU75X^YM0['LV^Z_B
M+ H-[R+1'%M9M.;3VYY:)4OK18=29B_]
Z_
\V+]OYKA!M0:T

MZ
V O6O K '[J$%L#6+'(.AS-\6\SU2V6C3RXC7]?:BS[MJ1VUB_KFUW:-Z.
M^4[7L]6GYQ6+DT5P[AQ9S+K'TM,.F [7\@H1C)F@('])IB Q$LGE]C[B$F


F(4F$TU )C2!0!HW%XL9
MT\03)*@FW!&*5(RY+!2P1.%4
GA+D^B_+;FQF*N:S=


M2) :K9:M5(K15NUO79@&AMS-I.V+Y];4-0DG6DW. ?SGQG9L#.!B'?5 .@





Z5J



FNM*L


GPVK
33PO&-3:3E

MF0(J\XY

M9O/U5(21



M85:F:






MGSE7H#U&WU2M1Z%XX;69GE2J^%&PANHW@WS#HT#MSR'U!+ P04     !0
M/6U+/DNW&


M5MN.VR 4_!7+'[ 8WQ

M1QW4$A!'40Y:U'3ANM)S.[:NZ$60IL
[%O!+VR+V=X




+U

M8A[4I%X[_4YFR^7L=9V6406NBLA@-B
FOL/$CXBMBTC@! '2P.0B]KJ(=7S^

Y $C?_U%KHK]Q1C
@\R

M5Z:T96+/DLUEXZ]U^$RQ&U Z4^V/.OYBAFXU.\4



M!Q1LC


M!#@

L\HH_U5YS+

MRC=R/_=3W]OP;78LY+
X/W*34.Q[)ONO_



MX0V.X3 )&9QP[#0I

MDCFI(!K!05 (=Z(0(-M8X=.-G&8CL09Z7@(B#.V5-C9Z /61KWD6MNPHC=
MZER_I60D#&PW!/B-Q79?)DY1$;$[




;);57I_SKH.!;
MJ6\3=5]W1]UN(
7!'..#ZW^)Q5]02P


M]^JTM$/;VHM#=$G45WE]$%J09UM:_6?Q*I(27C$IY]C)I*@_K=VE4#+564HJ
M:?2G^8ZS^ONJ\[^%P0%4!] V@))W Y@.8&
#N [@8P



M]09D26 L\EV#X9U9S-?@0\1VB/#8#&;JPTQ]X+&:]O('S\-D^B%B.T20((9
M!C#3 &*: WA#.'XEW &9Y@-.1S4$ 8PYC;]S$])E61!6NG^2@2 ZL_I+Q
M3X3 M?.&T(^-N=&@WO)C7)$*0AB@ER$YD!I^ 2]B+7)T-N 7L8R+M*$&
2





TN;UR\R3-CRGNO
MREJN_+-2S2((Y/[


$&566 PS )*EK4_GII


A14
M/ZYLP\K2
&D=?SI2O]_3! ['=_8O-GF=S(Y*MN'E[^*@SBL_\[T#.])+J5[X
M[2OK$HI]K\O^.[NR4L.-$KW'GI?2_GK[BU2\ZEBTE(J^M\^BML];QW\/@P-P




0GGDI@*A4)+8B)03 2(R1PQ+28:;).0-'*TC$%QGD](B4$I
M,2 E=Z3$XUWBQ-&[ 4 H#6$I2@E&4LAH2




M\$E3G77KV$]*=E1FF.JQ:/NG=J)XT_6&0=^@KO\!4$L#!!0    ( % ];4OY
M'
 ?R 4  

M1A3%OXKE]UV8O]B68RF)0UJIE5:[:OM


M







X=^O6VT]NQ 9*N0^('B$ZU


M0'D#S$BA3AK3:@ZM)I$S4LTU%&ELQ4 K!EB9$RLGC;Z(\LF*A%@9(TH-\^N)

!TG
$0
Q
MW!6W



M$16*@ADE$*0H/@2G5@*9I1 D&+PX)1]\F RE^K8)9)Q++0$)@_4HR'A\3\

M$+XH


'PV6

\1I0.B/RT
#$-
MVNJ*:5I Q-
:QNJP).V5^ EAK!J$54$3 B*:T-J
7A@:#$N#8$DQ9D;#TF!8
M&@1+BC$S&I8F\


M-&1QI9'IF\#K*O'H.0.A3*A:XR1;!2V6



MN;A'[=?6+-*Z6/Q


J1O'K

6OFI_5



M9)Z8XI5H?M=;?5C%BSC:\AT[-OI1G+_P

MCDJ+=G0Q*U[&:YUYZ[GT?\U# [(QH!LD#YFP%X#


MD1S^K9[9EP+=85/

@E%*L*&4'47(


O+0+$&41HM 4-BA!@_+V
MMD$IW/[I#8TSBBY3+;#_SP B4LYD@V;V(@049.:51_!&@MZQDR!X*T&W[6C
MZ*HG*[]FH0J0N=HX-T$ =L)S68LX'T D7?4!.Y?!#5P4).P.1'*_9*\+;J&
M@3L8 2U
[E<*H9!EKTXXDMF8Z-ZW]02P,$
M%     @ 4#UM2[G+.[4Z @  T08  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

MI18J@





[0*152#2 N&=0+(X*(.)-:8S
M!^6EBUK7F

M6;N!_YQF3PB&A&!

M
PL=-+TSSY1;H:*G+%X$*3IIH@&SZ3'!!!/%RSDFO\;X(P(I!:.

/Q&YM-987M6(/FO3HY7@\7Z7:@Q9

M-C



ME(GQF[U8-[KRGEA?/79O!EO_+#AA'+V4XT*:B\7-F6Y7F32?+XW27U^S6;

MF
@U=CROU:^WN]2%UT62:6@;^TU*]7UUN5_#\,#H N /@(-2#J B(C(&B9
MJ5(_4D'7RXK?O*H]K3-M7@KR$
G-W#63:N_4


$

'B_Z_&=C$J

JZ826&X+Y Y?(+@Q
M$ =GV':@8;%3J^J)RZR)V-1@TG$!M&)X+HG+L(G8U6;NK==*X[@DB_'3B

0 8&\ D4]P!P


G2#N W'#P#N ^#B S#V@0G#BG ;B%QL(!I+
MW/P(M4)T(K@)1XFT(%BM-R.B W2$@D&[4S!JJ/J_&IOQR^E:CL'LWUW^0BJ

   Z0  &0   'AL+W=O



G$:.SH4HZ





M&C
$*4B0+N\'Y


$%     @ 4#UM2^5SX:O@ @  9 P  !D

M





MU!1$/2YT2\M2


M
#@ =P&X#\!H-B#J B(K(&B5F5(_$4G62\ZN'F]/JR'Z4J#[2#5SIS=-[\QG

C;84_T$HQCQDE


2
A&2@D X1DEI#
$9+:79^%C&0L






;A@;=P#0ND$]I ]X1 ._<\*D
MAXQOR1G0D2!XE*2^ Y[C1*'[6#GF8P]D3S#%]:U WHB%KWT/23_M3A:6^[


;W4(:ZK]%P9
MTJ1FJ9%1:J1)C1S%CR+2=02*5!WR17G**AT2?&!J;%0:&Y0JCA6Q[D:B&%_J

8EB?:5#_
0L-35*336I@?+2%*GV



MO?XV82'1)7%J&W)]^]I.R 5G0?U#;#
)6=OQ=<+.LBQJ

M0*G@VHG:(V.E

V_ZGC$6KULHZ]
M

T_'AL
MPIOC A$J$!F!\.:@(NN@

S
BO4_
.ECS(W9&6IVA@C$EED

[?
8IB%91;#
M+'&S


S2
HM@ NN&4@QSITPL4;/+B4 T




MED/5L%96O T$.Z[#C_AQAS
38!6_*W:3D_O M/+
^8L9?#VL0V2(6
WVRJ2@

)=OQ^D]U4.=U6(3!@1WII58_


M!R3UBK@8]Q0SB R$R  (9]]L


I !!@#$:7=;O/MB[BEF$4(40(0J0-1^MLT=RA\29'!&!C!UH
 D
SU


R)
M[SL5IZJ5P3-7^JQB3Q1'SA73&=&#SG76A\QQ4+.C

M/
IN_@-02P

M5;) N;;JWK^_MBKT]$OTI;WG7EF)&WS,Q?O\L8\CZ:NI4+_Z!4-P\N3FP
MALHGWK%6O]EQT5EIV(?R$XPNK6FI@ZB
$R#AE:MO\SMVHM8YORHZJIE+\*3

2_++Q6^X

6A(!D,#$%?BNU-215=YH*?/='_O1TU7Q&9)[K[&[-HFVW?Z?9(O7I:IDF<

(A8K3.V/K3FSH3
M/$!DAL@/@FP 0TJM=


2WR1!!)7?#)&&@'I6J ALB4FBK

M:&5E='

YX;6R55V%OFS 0_2N('UPP0:J)%*3:-JD3:HZ;?OL
M)DZI@9)^G^_6Q#*;6/JOT2L'EW]^[PO1R+JY!/W8ES%3S75=
MPY-2[6T4





M?*:$.$Q[3#JEX51\XT

Z\V VED
M (W


M@K4&06+CGF@$J

M[]U/EOA_ *XT1)


I#79'4?\.VQ&3&=_K4?_?E!_==-_





MZJ6W4A7?SI_[P_AY.G]C[=0
-Y!3 WEI(/3_-E!3 Q7;0$\-=- @.0]EK
UC






M$71&

LUT@6
N\OC22QQ00)*2C^).+R>2R]I/KF5
M! ZGI.&DA0

ME




91UR#J.8-8C0.J
M9R!6X^SI&

M&G K&][:&W GRSU)Q$V,90%(O9&UND&YITEW)=X'2:&92U.'@VAK*64E;8



MBEG#S9X69]C&4!:(7
JL3RSS^)L&W:4



8H'(



9S&0!2(G0I@G5^_EAU]6_%XT


PPP
M8P?888 =.\ - ]S8 7X8X*
!B]-V]/N[SIM\M:S*CUEU.J+'O-!?/7M7KN
M?NP/3/^_=HOK]M?WE1-ZN7CO)AID;D\R\DK&7




[SV8


EDW@FI5V(8)$V^P%LJ9'W*Z
'$2)!_$X9;B6&0
M9H*W& 9)


M4@ J22IG)
3$&87)4ZLE7%9BX04YP_&4U'RM.5. 29/N0D'9.G0$T:MUZ9

%T
M&D G![C!6)D)B=A@K
R81&QH(E;LJF+V#&+/QWJ0$

1 :%F'6S
MF#V+L&+2L

E9MP6\=A







M9?L0AF)_IC41 6MIH_XY



4V

M:&5E='
$L;_<V9BYHH/1473[:DI/=5#



M78.4]9R2^!-*IPE'%.PO0%(0D@(0-(&D

MG(4+BP!.



MZ/I:-U&\[7NV-_QQR/\!4$L#!!0    ( % ];4M;S =N) 0  
\4   9

. '8*HDTK9-
MFY5FI6I&

6KR(0%R[CWWVCX'P^)4-[_:@Y2=

$[?8@RZS]4A]EU?^SKYLRZ_K3YB5HCXW
=F-0600T#..@

FO^W
JB/BU]XK]?^):_'+KA0K!:'+
7





M4!WS@#!


$$;$S M IB8T0F
M#!\QU8BAF()#@XH$H,800FB2!)!!(8*V0=V7WT2V3X8*88
L4V4VJLLTUL
M
;$PG&%*(%
F(S5ND$8Q^P(2)  F
I;R9


M .G%8*526ZDBI&8QQ+)N%XOCCFR+2H3


M]E.![: *I#NH

)[O@XB7+\*KOGZQY


M=YBK_P%02P

MR[+:DXSCKW+J7CAKP^[]N_=5D[Q

O&#G[\P


MIN.2GYVR77''I%[89!3)!;&I!YOY;_Z3

M'[
T



M#8Q88V)Q$*(.PMNK%:$.HL^K-8^
- /+E

MZ'D




M4%P)U+\C65P)%'D9U)-=4K-%69/%U4*1%D4M+8KB0J!WMB*X$B+4H_2BP5


O3!@PSZP)+MY2%C.U'?1O*^;#\M ^



MM'WV7


;=I5PKS%HB;^V\E#UKD?-5%Z*XE=S\[B^


MX%*#4!N$EQI$VBZU#6!O&E!LP]1L[]





2(\CT:8Y/BD]BR?QCN86\8-X+
+2T2

MU#E$-0.*TZQ( !7%MG6V-!;
[PBX5'1YHG'XX!J-B&/IGN(
^6H9:SDX'#











MKX;7\E0(90!ITJ 3_HG%KV;'Y D



MK
/X&E-KC&MV$1A=! 87DT)D)LR#0H1&)^%

3GJX



M


SO




D2N'





_=4*'L*7U5@^^'I6DK1R0GB5 26#XN9$/R7E)'W];4;-;


M='








M5M^I*=D/M;M
/V*_8U[6C7!.3*K+;J[DF3$)RN+J4;FKU%0?-P3.4B\W:LW[









MW]40/1(;FNPG;QS:%.*/






CMDYH^P]Q/AM'


M9







_W

MI

8U:%=9'_O=O4V_OY8C[;A.?L-:^_%J=?



A(8( $./!F&A'7R$QFI-9!X854MH(\%\)$0'PMV$[)LUEQA
ML8D4FDB!B04QD;);I(ZX !*#;:@8;_08&$GI3H_9;32S@D1.&!
E4$=Q
S'U
MHOC :SHY2!0+VT5A]BC-O:3
C.:+47MJ!HA\*IC!'%

M289G0-P)UXA.
-@

289&
$0
@@A%J^'9#S




MXPE)&DLA


T

MAHGC







M%KO4-:)_


@0&(L(E']T5T1D#K R!EBI 
%=@%A[

@($1D@-AI$-$OQ
MR=


O


M&.]6?NA?-MZJ8ZG



4(

48GX+$=TQ




M34M:XGQ^5?_FLILL1ZH@%^Q/4^HZ10_(*Z&B9Z9?1?\=QCP;Y(WAG^$S,M

A7!#PX
Q%


.0K


M+R]9GL9E]3-_C8I#[N)-XY0F$9]


M# Y@80#;?]]
88 IR*#+

M.PP^ ^0+:D8PMDP/6#M

@AC0H@0F080M*JS6&[5[!S$
(4E1BR)V

M!!!KDFCX$I
@)P-N6# )

M=)@W4E]O'X614T&D=-%/,\8(,,41D7UD&$K%:)2A.%85$ %DF(3H5)4 .$
MF

56VQ]W-PH9W-U2Q%D-E$2]$)[28%SO@


TN;UYTN6E:Y*??*M2GKKXLWY



D


;&TB&WT$4$PQ);,W$M:X %2=(VIY!_
M%#B 3(T0.8I-


MT=+F 5K-]T 05.&C((JHG1I _&ZAQ1!E3XJG1U5ED1TB80+! *P7R%0(PR

M02T.IGME]EWUG4D_
/(\=%WQV/IM_@%02P
$%     @ 4#UM2V\*J II @

M%24ATGFK:2

*F.I=0!+Y^W^$B^$_FC










]UU<BE?U+J_!&<G=B=2$#?F:-_N? 15TH/13'4)X%*_8VJ*Y'$5I6!=E






P=).40B#BF?




H#-.@H57K%RN[MA/%BE]47;5L)SQY
BE5J_\]I4-6'?&[+_SJZL




2V
M;Y@XVSXGO0._M+;)3E;'7KJ);+?X+^\;\0\JSE4KO3U7NN?8SG#B7#$=2[C0



MZU-ETVW?*
]\'021GZ?'PEO
^GNOU6)6GIOL6-C7:E*?\SRM_EW:K+S


M=;27^N;[I!O*6UE^[RY^V\Z]H'-D
[MINA!I^_%N5S;+NDBMCW_&H-ZUSZ[A

H__=OMNL




MH-2WCV[:3^
$!S P@.D#T/U







/?;(#$47 (HY
0.@6
ML
HU+QA[!('&843R?=U50@E#CR#T.(Q(;N^^4#*-IXZ7%L+D(T0^X\AGPOBA



V/FF3
PFTN6?R\.SI6S'VER*N[GA[(\WP5!L3^X

M[-F]Q&])^2V[_.JZ!IGYK&O][^[=)96\=E)=8Y\E1?-WMG\KRBSM:JFLI/&/



-?:R1#](;C^M1



MH0(RE+)+C$
42'STPA 5D*(
&!R2]8I0.-#AL0HE1RE'!F24Y+VRJD;P1C
M5$*


R3I&\&05# QTD6












M+GAM;)66VXZ;




ELO=ZQJ%6;(


M$

248Z
M!_I_I1K-(.D(V22 *!]!@;L'@MJ'4ZY&-3@G0KE- ZKB$1ZX%Z'XD:(UJN%)

'D2*D@TF/X)'V=Y:S:+TIR%.IV)N]9-[!U

&W#OY4A\ Z

M&GNS18)NFLFMA7(;X#\-F+71P2XABEH);A@S)\XQ^T9(01S! #(%AF+4#
M&6 (0880T!!U MU6H,B @/R.JD80[141**% 1=^[8]$%1U
%L*TS8T/$A
M#CI: 
M2QR#M.770E/:DL6%8WGK@\:S%VW,;5/X::#Y__/V08 J7CC@S4^
_/*3^;


!@/TR_(2?5]@&6


(T
$#+;*6%#].
$*&#-.FN./
PV'/4W@Y?CL_L4FKY/94 DK
MSGY7.U4NPWD8[&!/CTR]\NXKN(22



G1R3@YT4LOBB]$\;5B-540/$B0)A@P8B]&

Q]#-BI%+TJLJ.E+0:)1
3R:./:3)%Z2



MG.KRLR#)I(]

?H27N5^H8;

M&3Z


Q-X3&9U

QYT?'J78GE2?5!WU61?V;@R[SQ-2GY=&ISJ5*]FU1
MGCG2=4







Q3XQPAI S1)Q+PMF%_ E.GO (
M)T\L


F2 DHA%B:.XG(0%Q.#9K+%[A_8$W!5:O\'_'G'UJ
%]Z
M5X)


 AQ8A 2[LB7L\3VE]#^5*ARWO[SD7@R
H3%]I?0_E2H
['\)_<^4NF3_6'H4


!2&;R7*!31V$D*H *F IDW:I*K3
MMM\N&(B:Q)EMH+O[V4Y(P;RIVC]-;)[S^GPXIV=Z$O)%[3G7P6M5UFH6[K5N

G+

PV/ M.Y3Z29R^\BZ@

MFKUKD'0&R9M!^JY!VAFDGD'4AN)RLV*:S:=2G +9EK=A]A;1^]1D?VTW7;+=


M@PYG2

@&[DD.%?)/5'D%28?J3*)JF7
M- B-O*1!*

.4X*; /E(G3'E]8HEIKS(5I@:2#
=:%T4:?B)QI3_/2&*$O^#
MPM3 %T5A
WR@


M='





9^

M
;


#0
M6+^]=7L=7W,,K!KF027+OT7YU!+ P04     !0/6U+&@?<NY@  WP





HM8W2,BTD,HZ70:$,VL0GUS+9((9
M(L@0-0S1;2&302$0E QJ^0_H1DL


2FQ_H.W$8EXSI
M/$31._=5.30@QU
Z)CN0Q2-'9FPTPDR*'5U#SN4Q(^L +8?@?Z[6P&$HL
]
)ZSAR'SES*;8B'77J0E0TW(0 *HY<<KK

X9-Q;V9NT?V@X'MM
M7Z?F7;97R7:@1=U=DX/^KI[^!5!+ P04     !0/6U+V2GSY0($  7%@






M^N'7X\8/:T8RDP==ITC


\);=


MI;I[9?OS7I-Z%;$7


-VYG C[:\HBQHM3PCC
MF@\NQR5!2)'#NQ4OIBC78J!QLJ6%%#U+ \6=S*&%?MS%(ERXNAP5!7+U
MA=C

1H

K)R!PWLT&A*
MO[R#J*B_50=/YVRY+




WLS*[MR9*V7+S)

MM9NE=FTOLI1?%MKV M'7JJ*BE\[8+S=N,2]+;R4YT*9!2]+&WJ&;Z^-WNA
?SL2=U!TP2.QS?VC[9X7<R!2GCF[$=Y5





7W(6'OH\3+- D%Y8@&NO[88@S+%&&I658_
T0

2TDFJL1HQHQIA%/


M0'_@76__2L6YK*5SX$JW
=ML3IPKT*GX3SJ)0G].#!
&)V6&L1Z+KJ=V$\6;
M_GO!&SY:LM]02P
3FUQ<-2\J
MMI.!NI8EE7^VC(MF'4)XGW@ISA=M)Z)-7M,S^\[TCWHGS2CJ68Y%R2I5BJ0



\NEFF#K1M060
M2N)_F
30R5/#
M-







X;
M):W8NK64W08A4=9 L7A@';3JR8EQBJ4Z\@J)C@
^&A(ER%^M8D1QT[I9:F)[
MGJ7L+$G3PIX[XDPIYG]S(*S?NIY[#3PW52UU &5IAROX?)7M^?JA:58T.A

M\=_A D3!M1.5HV1$F%^G/ O)Z*BBK%#\-JQ-:]9^U+_2[ 1_)/@3(4@^)00C
M(9@(7OPI(1P)X3LA--T:2C&]V6&)LY2SWN'#V^VP_HB\3:BZ7^J@:;9YIMHC





;YO.1-K^O.FUSK+.4AO'


L:L8H@QL2TT!B4'YP0;CK&*)5;(N$

MU'NDQ/24;
IK








=.[(\HQ=!VAZ.S.&7KL/LSR


X)H9& )C)=ZA
6.





@SP]%OYR


MXTAE:E
W*5+S]Z[6*LN:3

1D.I[09=6P6F:NU:0ZV%Z<]9[JS
D??EXR'DWGPWF3J1*N+B-^*


 LT8
MFXVAV=@R&Y
F5K'51$RJ6=L2&1&CMB1R&!U#HV/;:(CC)S!^\L 0G
(
4W1=

@4&&S-)A



7#$(N:(?

MM[;&M:@F
98EQ#)=:9* N8)

Z'$:)8VFJWUIDYSNP 743(#



ML&
;N+Z!&]L@[AO$8QLD?8-D; /?-_!C&X2^01C;0$5O(Q?]:A+_OLE^L-7H
M7MZ&6VG29+:;6-U
[_VQF:]5<

MV-@VTX
#YZ$!7\A) 3,)2 *DXX!&-\8C&;$0MZ641LUX,G?)+SFBJ<E@
MK
?))CC9A=+!F1\$YB331[2 7)1R2 4MV)W'^7JT7
BT6GC63V)IPIQA


(1B*


I
ME(EHC0HIJ5[1@@]HOK- R@**^,D!4 )M6P(20=A@NT8;CM




M$6S

M](0W18&4-


3$P+GAM





PJ$&NC/00PVBSB ::L#\
MCY'S?YM$?S8Y#38;W



M$_TCWJ(3UQ*AA.:!XVR%88'6S*E%!)-




M(

MD4733$:5#' SRM+GCJ=XR008;J8$ X(02'12-2S G%X3Z().)@5P4A&ZY;

21_$++A
C=_0Z@8IS@1-:%=
M'-

89)1JU#G) F#J5)

;(W
MDM)]C4





MO80O(W!_A4%*N:D; 
47H'[(A
9(J#$R(&:])&:]''/6(HE9+^%;1@B*18-B



M(W?$E5+
_Q5 6)^YOGL/O#95+74 Y6F'*_@)\E=WY.J$)I5S0Z$5#6L=#I?


MC:!B  5ST(1 2G[*$=AR%




ML3W2BH@9:VBM_MDS7A&IAOP0B(93LC-!51G@
N!H%'<NNJ&@ME9[



M


$!.P??XAP




RYX;6QUE-N.FS 0AE\%\0!K

=$@-1LM6JE

M(B3*!CHBGM@ O7I3
]X1J9;\BL3 @50FJ*

.M+V;I&9O3
O
G:3M.WA



/#_=I#F)HI7(#Q([);120AMEVXR]R/]?
M




M_?-_



06 
^LG
M\Y--FI



M^GQZ5*:!9



MJ



5CQ'NKV' I0Y%!7PN%2_)=+
?%^!BQ0

M

Y*9
M9 Z

M % ];4MK1'\
70






MP8JF_786NX:S4JF(5





M(8O3$&BUV!S6P:!N


B$38F._F\,H8Z^X^@JE)V2Q
M*89LB@,SH7P Y
];H+SK;J
M/=;K7Z9G_P%02P



*_9FY6?
QWM*Z



M]*O^/9ZJWTOC_VK&&\C&0-X
9,4R7F%,B<)PNLZ

M3

M


@]'.*./ZX&=.F9 L6
9/@.N5
KX'\2P9QL;RRS ^]+6F


A^N3

MSO&4



90



-*
.WK\B*TNOKY

M7XKTW-S







)!8R :KC VFT!F
M$Z@Q$?1
A+Y2^46+1M,V28+E((\ZQ@4*ND:S.#0'&QH#C;4@N7Y)LHN'4W
MD;(+= A0@GTR0QK$YECC;18$49F['90GS#ZF*S7QY=6?XW,H-G1F)XEA
M50)?47AR;E4&7D3?





8):%:



\-#].Q[TEE^2NT%.UDR\QOR]:F^*[8#1G;P%




MV9IE69U)ZOBKDMK=G'5@__XM^Y=F\7(QSTG%UCS[DV[%86%'MK5EN^24B2=^



R3
MN[^I!YO-;KZ3VU/)T?.2N*XW=\YU)@6M6HCVH8YP9/IN#HKF6%$CG XG6)N$
*'ALE04YI%KUI<J'^!@28PAZD_''7L2P65)DED;5*ZH_C^[L

;G8ERGY2-4KZEK5WT;BJ\A0+#X *#H C*JGIG'?Z46/F$7YB1
M%SR*3P*3@CY!75?Y$
]2
 



MAXSM1'T;RONR[2#;!\&/JCMVNA9]^1]02P
$%     @ 43UM2^9DEJX#' $

': T=R(HBG*S1Y8T)&6_CHGWH0@4R;(!%+H*$


MELD&_BSNORO719K

M^

='[WX


W-^OOJ8.ZJ;IW5M_E[WY#]:7_B8
M%ED^;UV[GM7_\[_^5Q/

MHJRM7





M(;Y7-2;[.BFS6=OT].6^$=YDG[

WT8ZX(8
M(0-QY &P ^Z-PLD]8DC*3O+A7V@;\K_.;O%VSC8UNL9HW_C2\3N@%]BPD
8

M



M^ X4HPV)S$Z3)0A.!M5G84(097-\LD72990@:O8
M#Z4E/+HAX_+S_^*Z\9*




M% U
M M43
2V

.E;I1B';*WK/5IIJN







R

M$T67';8W0NN/!O6:\'K'7;C#N\ V^;UW89XYN6WMC*9K9S1-VXRF*L^2?6N9


MEXMVKTWK@\BB7UM+!



MI&ET3]$@? M@
7?)


M%


^%FUQPXF%)8#K( 7/MULMD6\^0I



M_B']]&A0G;-\*N%

MADX?IHGQE1G%_;*]5!]EBG6W1:)


-JS
MDE@;HFW;.3'

WJ7;9/4++U;FBF&T

G(\?YSSJCWON@QCAM%;)
MIQ.Y )
KISH3I4-II)@W&0)08D25#418N 3T5T2!V(/?2[P@\I+R\/+@^A

+9N((B)N R


T:%AP3P


M]R9WJN0'Z?



M52&G6.QU!=+)5PQ%H2Z-WR%(_*61N14XS:!A'H3?






+S$T5'#E3V65)2+WP!##*W



MY ]X

Q$#G
NAI)[E

M11.=F5D*Z1[DQD%-*@L.$=U39K\%$L

MC8)

%PF!\0Y-



:J9F#)]1.)7X2W_T3)%E2@KEZ7RXSM8<F 2UCPO6I=ZQQ5(!2B36PF!^;#
MF4C W2.

=CL%U


M.=875Z




MLK_\=H$WJNH+1T2NOE;!#Y(Y.*W
&- Q8(*5UL0+[C*7@@8'CEM6@1N5^-V?



I:MU8_S* YAFN




MA@293%149

94 \IL3R8/U=L@HJAR
M0NMS+CULPM0UM%#Z+/P[*2,TTS)J2;?2CP;E3XB_QV(X9PEU[@=-A:Q8Y9.




DQ'@^H;2&9MO

([%@



M+Q%-2Z4LXA42@



H=HNCS5\?E\_@
M)O'Y$V9XPPT#&BWZKXJ4







BSKT@@A=4P'N_!%R;2R

!JX'?U!GV=)Y 87$40WG^E'N
?\')^+4]X
M]IVD#3;A_ X0ZV1[$2%  $J
#KYM=O:SKWLED(V?'7
K\X4H7'\3I_QAR\



XV




L7^?W3'Q!#3JM:9&\W

M9UV.2\6Z+QINVFB=L\$S-N6\81S;@(CD[KLTHX!(J;N-T;E4?A.Y-YX_QF!Q

M
+3?56UFA^Y2-=.Z-:$]K5FT:[48E\9YXP

V& Y:EV'Z#CVFVLX6ZXA#%-[ON<YRO





PSAQF=FF?%KC_V_2VT*)L^P4


MW 


@X%NE&*+44%XW*&896H[S+4=64TN***;E 8ZT$Y&-XUMRB
M@!(7I*


M\QN%#(^61=

MH&'K+]RF)NUV4R_&[)




#V4XD
M-
U$LKF65+:
ABFO8?MRLK;H$J%I=


MA.ZAZ5

M'_5@-G6L^H/A:)

M+U
Y3V?VIK.




M .(S;2[]_^LDF@







:7;*\LRU3=+*M)#CYL%SO.4

1]Z03+C(.#KN
MO[6-$_/D$O4&'QA+J 8



)L7##[U3&DY


ML4! 4Y0\:(%#[W44M[

MH6W

:'A3.





K:#PF9.N[[ZV570S?W@

#3V
0CN2'SBYQ%CHE[H_*[2
*V)7I58&U@



=
:MVS$\&RR/0.S70I#*N&VZS
MJZ^69RL&EQ%72X;@





MCPYB7*
#U91X
.CB+]-XV+5/^*AO.(I-D=UN-QIC?_-4PEIZ\70P@7_'TY;7
MT)0VSQ9;0FDR+S8/=!0-.Z@XH]!'^VSKM!-K_L,(ZUD($HP N#5_(3)KQA'
MO:!.''4[X_

MV8CE$
LSH_*1(J:N3JH;8I6IP;B



MHI_PPSBZ2;\D J.;(L%B++!N

O
4





BL#;TKTF7X69A*YPG7B;
M<U[I(L6P<XWR+B26RGX^C8,\\%Q.6W2V-7;Q_$+UN[5U@C4$:F?7*MHR-JEX
M# 0YF81U@:(6)UO3DP-

MM@


G.#^F7;&;;75C)I=Z3


'
0
7L L\9.78/!.7J\9#:9U$

*0* HG

!2



J#9]9:7C?PX'H')-TW1X[
9ESDT=6
-X
CWE28(1/-T?


:@C5!CK#98C6
4SD;Q

-VI

NOE;





^D.ZIWQC
VLO=.2!0^&W
M9'A)4;N;R:UW.EEG3RK&:A[&PP0N^


MF%&B/-C0*8Q

MI(LLQPZ@



$W;ZB





MD@Q0E] N 
YRAMIU+ Y/S^LKP6)6*XH9AA25OG MK$UU*TZ1FSVLJ.V%\^P2

M@FX*-$G*FBW%9D4\61O)S

MK/@%W:_EJ[K1AT-0SK&HT0K'C:
/#UE^D&U4*A@I^AF*7-3H1=4J2@1_9$A\






!%/\

M B6/-.KJ #=$_[!

O@)/N= 48
1(-.+_JT
I?2M@WA\(GC

MMIW?CJV
IZ'I8C@P6[.&B*_?J%'Z&S8Z^@=MU
@:G  S_
TW&IEXBVKK[KL6
MI(])C\+B[ 7JSRX1Z 'XA9&$L-3[7?(9-*=;5^:V89/(/_P*K!?=!&/A]JJA


ME4
OJV+T@DHJP==B[K6!-VR@--V%*5@;1] ?JP79AE&147%G(@LJ74-DS:
MU(G\&_;
X[@ SF/Q
5.E/[!=6VV1.%M\ '&-B3=+0@[*)+W9/\1S;(-_&S[Z
MN

NVO?=MV!]Z=3
^G9RBCZO B&]G*1CD/J(_1T=
M_Z8I5%[:0 35;@

M




2%[7BL_


7TR+)EDU@BZ6 -^40.?^/-)M7( 4-
MP4*Z3M:9K2CU $VU]K/H<C*!BU=A<+FH*0C%S5ELPD=K6_7/=KN7X
X8&ZD
M!D?M-(^XZ)3V'E'D2 0.2#$Y@RYR0RQ_=BD.NR#E4^UL] [5\W%.F\$4?023

M94@H'3P%]58K_.ZX&:55 T5D[+0*5LT
2_2Y$!R/7!_FR-2[(KX8
/Y0I^
*


M1@Z4Z4XO *1-Y(-1^^@8GH)RW.DW;[_?0[COS+C*!A[!&-?5W,%%1K] '#
MSFG+#$.



;+7X-5^0&/8N83UC#UV-.XJQB!0!O!)RMY3W$MWZG6W]/MR3A






*$XM)


6G6B/

4X)7SG[)-58Q :3+I2(PL#0

+&LXNA$B+$M)K1?KNKVX\GHQV7=UYFZJW8:3B*/S*P2&F


M.
50/@E-(#MN3?/.&BZKOSQ3OJDH4\@-PE^#JSKH[IAT)] :9OX!*Y='?85V




FQ:().K0)/XNK!T7$^V7@V=
MS)(77Q!_ .H/Y.0

IA41/:5G,IQN[#22]ZJP1&^R0T,O*C9V
M-/,X2(9D!2PM=!B4V9_)G=R



D[WYE4$ +Q/8Y0V2M@'_+;(_K;E9K1YT#D%3=N
M2K

WO1IJ8P



M\X*O!:SR
R&N:_A*@M(H%8=XJQE+2ZXABF9VR.7:+9T@HW&7!8XV)L!\$[

M)&(;@V'XZM

'N
M+I3$3Z^A9,3!:4A+-9!B6[J82KA8)UPA25IBJ:B!]&#K6^$A9LY\U*!#%HF6
M=Z/8U\R(Q!Q$YPGRNDEV]'&9I*2X%WA(K
@H).VM FGWQ=L9;XQF,NI/1
M5N:S#3!GT0


*'U_3-[JST80LT\N!_[UR++1M$*R6GWV^9QGKW$








M[BB6:3=+=\NG@X5BU&#2N+#!]&V(BX6X/*)R1/S[7YYAHB;1$:JLX!A
AX

MU':FJK7Q$GH)OUYPMVF8!51C[E;O3CST_[2MK!G@X8)L+D=].0A(*AMZFI



M/3IE ;292)YFV-3^ #$ NS;K7G%$BEFRX)T8R]%H.S-I7.[
K&6E=H5K






4
:2 .[IANK.M
M;




DR
1V[


MZ@C!2PD:R=?67
RA-ZE:;H;1*&JS[E7KBPQJ
-NQ1GJI]THJ J4-]UC=#:NY

M



0?+

-V)KNA@JVX53@MW2*C5=3%


:\A
MYS\6KQ\@/RV*/SUYA'OT\&2GH024

M;\L'O%.C$8;F7

*:

255XL,1+ Q2U0&@)_R+'\MIJ;W:V
M?G@J661(T;Y?@!3RELR32%5:]D0DC33^%%&38P+8^;' 2GY)Z5(_S&MD\W%O


^DT*9I@Y
1NBU] O2.7(NS OKIH9F


5)$^J&
A^;U\D
Q38R$9)]S\OG:G23EN*.9;!





;
M





1!<PK2MAJ@=HB3,5SLG&MO1 MA3 $.\L+;#NVY,6SR '
M1IIJWAKAWF''YF&U)]6SF/^MVV^41G'%N4EDS!AFF26N9VBWVI#IJY62USS
JD;;!+AE#K]IU%T4U
SBE(3T4$X[0QKH64<SE3+1. $
6?XG[RDHC


_L9<?$W%OD7:TPHRBX#<H0N5IN$E!D@AND[+
MZ'#W



M

8Z' RA-#<OGI7Z<CW\;TW(9C3'J#ZA'6=4(
MA3EO%E08LX:!:P


MK0:[T:HW!7P9U]%J-*RB50\#; =35)9&$U+:^ 8-R3/]V^)5K^FJ[L2KL8'L

:009*

TZDONS9RV4<DP

)SR'FG5B@T'X3?)/?JCXF=!H[[OTMW#



C\/T^/7/%E<ACR#988Z/]Y.4Q]'U^)[[/KWUM-W^ADD;V@Y 6W!2$S.RR


7


5I2W



MZ7+RO1YZ;
]LUU+JHU23'&JEG$I7S&]7?:AJ


MGK5Z5K*E6EG::BVHF@O'A5::R
I:E6HI-U!RVBH\^+VM=W7I:PT*KIM:]^;&


M

#;@MGV&;6FK$*\\]













-IV/0P2^(A  Z5P[+U8[B'S.&_B@)26

OZ7OX+?3



MRO X&

MOY
DR;G8
&E.O&DK[QL*)Y7BC?0@&WUUGA1?(3U*G+A-\]46JK4I-+93RG5A

32HY/B?!P*PG;62%J:X4+N4[EP4@X#J5

M3I=HVD
)2EI-9:;]


MQ]-)/*!DC]&@TYM&WPNVPKB@@4VZTV@T[0R&X4H:Z- D'@WA/QAA2
UF)]3Y

)2]3NM)([:

MM

:]E&U


?:GK'L.!D\8M/:X6*)D'\?R1CC4BX;\#M^YT7L7):!-#NYH
M&!0407E3/=&0YP:YS_LF$
P[2CJJ1F:42_H][&1]CF&K-8AUD)'11_F$C\N

QM^4=CIP^
!D
MXU



/^BS*8_II[4L=;+BOX
R.0#H)X.Q;Y%P

M8N**V6

MUQ;$?CHK@$(461*[=#T2#KK?XJ[ZW2[:RY
@E:#)'.EMCB[#P3(56AD;?GX
MR+V+
ZA RMB_Y-:B/YK[J1##S^F8:-P- MZ6




M;


MH7%16EU789_B%G:@8




MGV8F/X_@WJ$WA?[1?/VEJ




#QE0<)A;8

'$/N6D=EV_JW
EP_& CKUG$JAJ;.$HBFL

M

MSCN1P5#WGU^WK_$#O.J]-)GS#WJ!-J W3%TM(QEZS[S__'?:N&
0\V[%=LR#
M/ E@?4%\4_=/SO&+JCA'IO,F/F^:/%D1G1&'NIW8CAIF/R*X\[]_J



MC5GT4D'&7J;R\2%C 












Y5&XAK.Z%5YBMLIWZ LC_USPJ]0M%F/15RDS*^GCS3WHHRAZLWT1LZ



U'Y%\Y



M7L%/2X0Z1C

^ ?O4(55UKB:. WKG[)7Q4
18X


)&JE#V] #J#4



^M]Y<ET^-;B0X?^!YQ/#'KMJIK=&D
XH?36HIV'+


N^/__X<A7%)-MG@O@K
T0;T;XIW
MQ['BH*E^E-XZOQZ^*9AFU*GB01ZY+C4CA&(I





&?
$K+%=NHT60D+@X4^AD3!^.F\8@5HEFYHD=X=_/)
M
;AKBU9$=F %)/Y9NR(^.]#58&IRL_B-8DNNZS\3#(6VFB'_B_Q5S;B
1I
MC+6/MA^Y6=]P[H8&7YRIP3B4RMT!=?;D=H Y1F?^JZ(AD
Y5[\VDJ]'<(J.,KU-9X[RAHN7:%Q3=6=& 12:+L


O:'QV@*<B-NQ

^Q)*Y9J?
MM..5NHY*'7(+7-TZ%Z@'LL$2S=\5=8 $UW582K1'B_85PA=I%F?7$G-.('&8
M[JS 
-UO+YUYY))09;ONHZL9ULJVKI

_8H<5%/A'(I^!PV:8FBX
[I!&/ZKN:3Z#./%
P^L9=\%Q7CVMDA
M%



MVA7KA@990)0(*>Z%)I,8UI17(L$LA65SS'N88%

:CO%HP1RNF(GB)S^O]?H^72]!
MYH:/PJB*8!+C]&B2)+/Q-/U^




1).II/R,TFBHJ3CI0([CP\?D632?NKS=9Q'EZQ'RG6;6C-#K/2'BF]('
MXRFGA#ZTCF%E11-5AN76RKI0LT'F@N=<C4<3?G%-C&$
&V%(0PQ_9:+\!0*
MP/'*-]V^-\ZE/N1']4(\^

M#@FUO):#A*6$8]C;ZG.

M%TGEJEG9





MI&A1AG'@LL8TD@Q-@EC+E=2P

M2!WQ#6



MA Q!=A^@-CXF]BA)I[I7F'AONP_ZSZVNG[&FI?WM$EDKAY%*ES@Q$.N^OK


9
]:'LUK\.K?Z(A737T2FH
M4^LE?V'.9)L;/$F(U36[PEZ/KJ$A3%JXR6XO=RC%\ZZ=W11XR.MMGGU&;I)O
M8//*=8$@D0O4QY !?;YHW2=[; 2!QRV'5#'?1RM=NO%#8H9=

M7[-HP:&X1-_E9H/P 3$:0':5J@EH!:XP1BPS?'2)


MJR+NKU5ZS0@NPF0QVZKXVSL

M*CAO;S




H@_.'!7X8Z+9=!I-1N









AM
M=6?]%R_KX2PH*3-

?V
0P=):




3A1^N[@G
MV3I;PMJ=$/(!R!IP/HM%YE:; H&#%8^COV4;C+!_E_]2+$I^Y%VQ7

M;1R=ESNX7OX?Z#3CL5]DQ5VV9E8NM@=SG^RGYV?#_MP1+$H;_7%(T*-^XCYX








J@FWOM=6)J
MM_N2YD$1YSBZ+KY0()6@FY2K]@9



[DQ-T4F]B@@)(?


MH&\ 








M/



M!7





];9A+/TL0**CV$!88(R5Z\;WR4-=NP
M?*1KSB(:&GLA#1&AC9!E5?$/@
35I'YO

MC
?[6;*O\^)0ZPZ3QI]5JYFHQL=5M98Z@W+^VW= @3K7@PQF2_.
6*M
H%
MEM4[F3ZKJ






M#Z;1472
G2$$6%09:[2DZ56# .\A57]#,P(&V+9?&(*93YB
9X4(O L' &


M4WE


KH(NIH6\3
M2Y^?Q[=4JR

5%0*AH;6Y@EX%._S+=]Y
M9)9Q]

MF2_(X^/O6MFN@U=KM.Q?]C6TZ UB

MH



HHH%._:
+6\@
M#3+#I?0-(W^9E$L^.-Y#:!2 #L[@*8Q/]@.RVPF1$)R]=5G4L4/W386.?K,
M83^)]KMHM-&T4@M0
<F;RL3W!:M6A)M4







8B'HJ.D2




N%J +H(F_#))GF?K44








M=WR%4F\=ZUN
40M_O%F5%1Q]P84Z?:56W#I8











WI^^/W)Z?';Z-7QQ?'T




QI2B4/

0S2+
IK X@Y'T6@VAO5*'UY@?B&%%V!GYLEO7&#.
M

ML^C9V
-U;+#PTB^48XO9&^CKOT'@=VO\I 2K#'T_^779+)7BF$A?#MICQ_%L



M7^YJE'Y@7
)R.P86=U-&


M]






MA?H $1*(
*39;ZI[BD4= T1U@[B1Z.6XYN9QQT&\7Y9MB&CCL#_XY8MV=%6G

ME11D UIJESCC$6 4CB735U=:6E

N
 %5J23FR%[?$X#1
@*;5Q?V
M\ !MCB^,@3HG6/MFZ1G&?
2%W
N'6_'*^
602
T+%X+]
MKA]':1D['[[..



M!WZN B7];)](G-$.UG]\@=8O\M?


UI]KZ[+'9)=[[03H;YU+Y-UE

O0L0\_MI WH(.@6IBE5
!YTN*5X%C):X4


[A



YB+4_'(5T
M-ASN(S
J;




MM4+8$JT=J*+

\A[SBJF/SI:]9D9@+L@W($ SL0=[!-+F*#YY=$CWS
M1'?%:NF@J@B3XX:2[V\)U

MF5?%E;

XY1 
BMHLG#7K/$)

7):
MH%N@
\(:];.1







MA-G[%/(&NXF93:2FH..92F83JB!Q'P% \X(ZFL%8

MPD-!QNE3Q$H*Q?W84X'M%'6FLJKC/2RB

6B2NE;;$4J6N#[K0NE:($]U


MVTV^Q6




M8$

M
;IDYV
QZEW=9C5FHHWY[I.
1085RM 
N=#JY[/[




(YH@PLT[5JD78TP3Q#

OZSBD' ('







MV\_\() V][+]K7[:R^ZKRJ)3 +_*]:PLD$X?



 

M


7'?D=E&:![96E3O-7_*A]1C^


1GDY_25 +






=M[0)7 :4@=5I


QV[=[R(&;O3



JNJ

9

W2?V/H72:X#.^O!UYTJY$D-M7XV7P2KL5T_#LM

M/G&
_H4C2;$0E[ _R
MJ!G




&8#G'B8:-.6'-3FZ[\6[C&2.#FP<
/*9=CF39H_L
3:V8.$$!  Y7X'WW8'
M87 






G*



E7P
% U<F\5-QN.')<B !T^)E%%P^3(
OE.4C /K+[1G%<*M81P8 N*]<
(D6PK0(K

5
B&XRL41L1G\K


.*\9^
S\5


MJ9QG$55U.BJOCG9:VX1S9C!6P43_TI4*['[%
0R
0ZHAD22/DVZ.=0PY4MH&

]1S'$H;EP&I-3CB?5$Q]W46S
M;HT])3U,D3^*




_G
M<T=5

M!\TFCKO=HAM$0$$LI
1E;M*AMVV\:9_\J4XFDTSHY;-0I/=U7KLXKBZ!GZY=
MRIT3[*SXYRFS)5LH&@Z33H




M)JAR39$P



5'_+89I7MP6WK)2 V9

M-1(;]#-C5K'F)T&B:J#E/T[.
)&?%)PX3VZ[N +2F;7
O?T

IJ-H.DUAH5JE^D9P=8S@X8N2S;TZQF?1
M

MXQSSZ+)= C_CB=#]T)W\F0C2U&3T9+1)$J358U&8RCX7PJJ[JW'BIMU2@=


M\XE$2?BL3.E @^O

M'I3
?PK.+QI::C7E/3(E7I*A*X [0'4,F+Q2_ZG,^V('!IN!@*FBHTFM8:

AF_W/G@[Z#YL




M64K%XZ8W@I;8*@B\B.L+?C&5%+@+GXY 5[^X1AF\VW=_DRV;=UOM2UJ)
5O
MSB7G/Z^1*Q**O1T)A9K:8H?[RGB&S*VW6V=PC\*&/@]E4UDQ#G1%ZHB'(&3






M*!G.1
)Y*46UO:^]75-[&
^F
_AW




IH.#E8_;\L9C*
XW(;$C3R(D7W]-(T^
72PH&-#8

MW693Z=[1I5VKIF?3K1JOF0YX+ .&B6DSN$Z3?\$Z/:.5LILU-IOE]\G_AJLV

7#XV&]#!-??N 7 Y

3_:L#RI


MUCSR:X%S:I&]MO':M4IMZ


W]GA6)4-P/TBH1


MS &Z*%Q%$==D
QV+)8N%;]+8OZ0$J/

M\(WX6$:S! [.+ )M\HW(


&7O/




()M8U






1P6?X\M<X()(-/+Q/Y'Q[B/AC_F7<O6%9&
&G;C*


UD@'!(;^(IOW!X-OH/?Y!L0(2

MC&V''LYE3O:
@?SKGQ @#QA+S_^ZK_=91^]CP]?;_6*[]H^]\YJT6@YNCWX2


MV:QSE

139W^ZR?=
QGY9T;=LQC1+$9N%E
SAU=:X+G$XJ1F37L)WK4]Y'\4


0I5'I1Y(EL%N2B.!7.@X7YK
M@O
?B +JX.E-;MX44

JXIM@+'-P&M:#H!
MM6H.3%#VO[W:R9#&
IL

&-SF


__R8M\%KP#:PCZ

MO%88G3


M(3GL?B:9$N*TFHQ=F[O]KR73J7C0D/!F\XGK=
]+Z1A&
IZ ?*%7TH'6NP;U
M*E^79 ;&O3)_T W!U-*F$+\^+4H4$DQAZ$



W@.OI)*I[X/8_^\QU-

VJ.ITU




MF$+/0YUM'\
-2AT\&.I7
Q?&8!_FOPPBS$7@$2\+LT(7.='%;885Y?'9;0-9
M#ZY0BD&S05+



M573-LVFV)B;@BOCN7;4 RFL/4V
X6*T-&0Z\E2]U4)IVE]R;]B7W=&7V$71V


V&N8

HC'\X1_


M;- '@7I*D04I:# R)H8]Z'AS%?C-)Z28P\C L;1A-Y-QFTR8T6NUOQ4H7'
&
2&IC_4
MW 3+R^5NNZ*2L-I




M




MW?Y_;TI-XP08^(,!*,9LF&EU/ED'$]FP*BG?2!!)4GRH1+:6#+K3U)+DF-X
M839D\]PUA^
'R!)Z'B



4[90IY]10XG





TEL(XC



M#]?6XF0)\1

MDS PD(B!L 




M


MPSH
73




(@WMX\AQO)[@7.Y&-H

35
WR^VPS7XLDVFGY#4'UN9!P-)(
F%
0#4+$@G I


3?=


_HP_RM4QM!-T[E-:R$8-J'8WPGR-&RCJBN/01XZ
=


MKP-N.Q&2:M&F3@:) O]O-84REWM\$ ]OL!=[JP6^RY$DAK%RB$D=\_UKT67V
(!5])XGQ
.6Q:C'O
M;0(!G!@HE+WHN4=2DEO_


MCE/*X(9-D8]*?.$J8MJH0%BM#YI_T(FHA6D1ZQ*A0A!BTN(OB(FYEHQ[I'B(


MD@$YM'4*XXF$]AF/+8A_+C0]S+?=R4P_1X)*WP@OB 2[Y))!;)J#^2M8DY
MLCA(ANDAO%#.+/[*18W&ZGB(D9X2Z^XXF8R/[%1[[ 9B#0[@E!VFAZ
^J.KI

M0/-]-!K%YWLX.HC/]\%QXWR/

M'0W&L%08S9*.)J
NTWU\C


-_1__#XZ.&!J'J-.&^9Z?!2;


M
\ET\8PF;'G!5#&RNJ!
08
+'!RRM8# 1C
+K=E=_EPN
*5- 5:-#]V-:29?
ML[5*FMK


M:]D:1@'@


Z/Q-\/
MZQ.



M@Y.(0+.$G9R*EN.QL^_LK,69-Q5^1WQ!P2MXZ=5\H%\L ZF
$/%)[]Y
O-
M6;+W7Z@;P3G_(


MRN;9BLI\SQ[$#$I+1*@

XA]%*7H!T

@69] 67UT?D!2673?

D=NY.A-U#K1SV)IZ)[0W=/[[;
M%/,9 4IQK"HH(_H'+Y\PNQLD6-@H!-+I3O4<HVN,*T]W'1TT-P'N Z7%&%[
M[-Q+L5MO1R-_.U\R*:/!?G/B






MYT6#/:!5230



M

MFP;=)[1Z=

MVP[\X%;=L3HFNW;;88N67F!\=5.%;1WM_%2)6CZB[XKK6
!1FCRL/(;'*];
M=*S[S B3\ED_HE%-S@W)%*6K7%@2*'189
3^PBC
M&V#6B3ZXM:=$I:_H%:VI-S;#'ZN$FDA85/JWLJO@7_-7#^]&4A\$N@ZD9?

/9G

MA[ZU

M9\:RXY'5H%^9#.)U)KGOF^2^;\%&.&1/;P/3YAN$WF1-6\:[]J.!KPNC0]^W


;NPN BW



9TIXBFJ^A=\$=FLW7





8\3]N=]MMA@E@/4%#Y2
MA[W!RST$
MPQ
[]DTL1H9/09-]%SS4R9]D]X:;-PO?M8%JC-/0JIIAK^]VD2_1G?+F-P]P



3[I'/4)]+4UW[)G=
LZS&

M\IJDNB
AF]





$'
RF;)=W2*K9#U#F! LRDDFRNW0C&_2;Z610OQ(
MB;IOK












M]E'2#_)7*


&$BD 0*YG;2F.N]Q1I<DB+.$73O.^=/#RL<N3B33X9.^ECR5+:
MLGS.[VR!=;?I(
!\!IWYW=WFMHWYQOOA:;E:T!O];E


S*;LU5SC5E@V]?N]!S3UN&5B9&M5/^R1(*E;5MP90NH

M_@:SJ57PTR*YK=/:JUSPBDE'F-#











M=

MCQ4IF.-MS)K(R [/EST*







0(

3BX/$_')S!'^-%V7&(HF

IKWD=.[2C<^5DL,&

M&X96;^?0?\7&5J%Y\MQ5-Y)QASS
MB6R!-EP$%H4\?:9 _57PL6MU3+WZA
MQ %')=7 7*X*S:UCOQ5L\\E!0'
Z;/G[@'^O_XQ:S?X]DRA'F%N]&.(#GTU-


_0*]25A&Z)NV8NMZV-)




/$UVU;] 16J1<

MI @5)]UI-%A2L4-S]$1J4QU
T4B'TZ(XB (QA:0O[40B&(4&A&#;VU38YJL
MUC.^U7VQ+M??

M@=
9U*@BH^$EX92/EF^#2MDDG^_1N1XAT_ALFEZ@DC!LB+(EQ3EAZIMNH*+
M?U5D'5MLL.8/^UX#]C7&AN!9TG3BU["JWQ=L*E:DQCLU9AA,$V-8R,0] $C
M*:J?Y-=&I+P*R:8F+ASCG-@-MM$8
6[B)V(A([?$Q6-[)^G(HA8)-NUYN


MP_J*0I 7_Q_&PHE+]1];57WAK_B?N]7:19)(LB@C(.[2DRDGXUAO'O-\*RXK



MG=Q59+EVM;]%;H+9


M_#H5*U[XUZ_[F!D;&_%







&A%ZXY[8G1AR53!L$L


M=75D#2D@V1[-*R/I'D)M)MDCYX/&#/GY@_Y;&'^2!L=5\==^S/QG3W]U4S4
M(FW/3M*;N

ML'2CE

M%]#;./9GK%Y(N[I#J$.]ON7QM31WFGKQ7I-HJ0J.H4Y9B_#R6)!CA.I[[2
ME*6[+]'V4TG$X+B)XM&-39M2Q71@ZH


O3A\F5=HI*!K<<ZFUHD52





 N?
LH:*VD(G1NN
2T=D 7G3BLQRVYE28KPFFS(BQ]$:-5*)+Y^A%6\1W





0V?Q@
M;F*$MPV #X/D UE2DW



&QO-Q)4*B\)
%S-9CL;0$ ''WO@L?-5I0&[DDA&_4JL$:6JY(
9A4).J']OS8)H5
MQG%X')UGDR$R!JR6F7/9[IW'LX)D6?C489'@Z


OP'=
P9RP\_!U5B$



\Q*=*V/M/34S-

M@+





M:U:;@KM?L7(8;ACUH.4'A=+%!6V(I$8W2J@7'_J+W-!V3?4JZX+)-^V'F&K
M MGGK\I(

MY8ESC1*C6[(V]EY]Y@B!1D@NS4'ZSD1$\ZM/IQ0]K3QRW)*T.D0^%@D:8F#U
M#V'B)


!3^*T(9HX517](F[6H;MD+98!N!YF%O18EE
LENFC 7

M)
W


H9PD[^8HA[

5-


TEF'!_V



MGO3P=T?TQOP;IG:]UJ6Z:LNA5DV_@S*JDKUNFVZCM]U
-+)6[V:'CPC9K
1U

=5Z




M?%:R&\RN44!;T
@/$;

M\U9M6^/:4Q0


9$W(F9OW!EIGXUR



Q6.9&O#L5)
9%58F:KG



=(*#&S4&#VBE.*
MB=023QEJO
9.C&033QEKXIQB(OG$S/*!#?&XH)A(0/%KQ1I)
-L]9D(%E !
M)5/&FH3&F@0)*)DTUBPH)A)0PBP@C+FDF$A ;. 
.8%Q402I@%!#$3&FL2
M.+C/;$/\^Q*]5)7GB

(62AE-E
9&1)0
MQBR@0R?UTIYK-5B/M^M]I_MV@YT=FN&!)0Q^@8YMVAZ7']%\5$ LJ8!73
M_*<KCNR3,=OGU+2O(T\XLD_&;)]CPQ1/5__+FF+*<VO/DG-N_H4$]DGFW+&
M6D8S4(;LDTTY\)/3#)0C^^3L]D&8- /ER#XYNWT09D0QD8)R9@5A3#KPDR
%

9*&V4(8DUJH0!8J
MFV$














^B=]7IGT#OK

YZO0OH


MO2OH71NT.A3KM*AU
-=IT.L8G9,@V+'4+)C&C0[AJ(=TZ#:,93MF ;=CJ%P
MQS0H=PRE.Z9!NV,HWC$-ZAU#^8YIT.\8GA




2E_OC_TUV</I^[D?_,^B$Z?#^W[U
MR^5((#E22(X,DB.'Y-0' 4D1PG)44%R*$D)0A%544A5%%
5!55%45516%44

M1=:4(FM*D36ER)I29$TILJ8463.*K!E%UHPB:T:1-:/(FE%DS2BR9A19
XJL

MXU@88SD#69R)+

NZW2
A[H;_Q7EYS0=7OJ+I:&[
M_0U02P$% ,4     !0/6U+'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M    7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     !0/6U+9O,+8((   Q    $

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( % ]
M;4MSG^!





BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !0/6U+

M:&5E=#

M     ( !FA




M2P$% ,4     !0/6U+I_^4=;8!  #2 P  &               @ $3*0

M 0  T@


M
YX;6Q02P$% 

4
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ 4#UM2PMKPFS 0  T@
  !D              ( !A38



M=#$W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( % ];4M#7\]@M $  -(#   9


M4#UM2Q0UCKJT 0  T@

M='





MT@


4

  !D              ( !CTT  'AL






S






&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4#UM2^HJ+^W 0  T@
  !D

M% 


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 4#UM2SPI+MQC





M4$L! A0#%     @ 4#UM2[G+.[4Z @  T08  !D              ( !BIX








M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( % ];4M;S =N) 0  


O


M   ( % ];4NWE-G
7P(  /H'   9                9S9  !X;]W;W)K

M !D              ( !


M2P$% ,4     !0/6U+4]9%)Y@  !#@  &0              @ &\W@


,  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X,BYX;6Q02P$% 








M% 


M:&5E=#DU+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( % ];4M9DD='M (   D+   9

M  @ 4#UM2U+

M:&5E='



M







M





M='





M A0#%     @ 4#UM2[[1U?[S!@  /BD  !H              ( ![SP! 'AL





M





M='




3

M A0#%     @ 4#UM2^XC(47_ 0  P 4  !H              ( ![E ! 'AL



M @  ?PL  !H              ( !)5


M





M='





M A0#%     @ 4#UM2ZKQS;!= P  K@\  !H              ( !.6(! 'AL






&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 43UM
M2]6<)(!? P  948  !H              ( !GHP 'AL+U]R96QS+W=O<FMB

)(P   Y

M*I(I6_WK;X Y)YGS1#+AKO8@3D#$%R
U)%/?R
M^C&5EVKFD:1),GRJ_T:_R'XI7I_5+W#36[A+97%O^MSFAQ8?R-3]RIFXO\#5
MR8UYW*N? ES0$T+$\B+YVS%_7EYH$B3Q8&4KSF:7*?IOW\YU[Z5)+(\AQK
M<OLP?_L01<_31^ZC_&LY[O&%&IKE2P=J+SVF?)*_4.:;/4/E5?J'BHR];2
MK-XO<'URJ[[07Y*)*?E'%Q=N+6IO):-;B_E;XW5X3O(B2GI3A/ZH(/J[4]Z-
M/,_[I;PZO37OU]T(KT6__-_W[^YZC^HIFMT<;[[Y[70TO_WO__4W_:U?\_+
M)W7_4_GM7Q]+F )$WDYP\#.





.P]JMF(KO)#2.EU^;
OG:@&S;GL1HH



L[K933!E.R]
&TVCC0U\[!G$9H1


P_N]-6=KE#%[Y\U!7UHE[K]885:[
M&K':U81%C#UJY(V::7M(M;LC99A^3J8WIZ+69
VZ7B^WISXP+D0#-DJ=).3:
MW2


MJ=*Q_%T!CZ(!

9Z*U:%H:OF?@
)#O-_$IB\\LZJ6U4
MABUR4J]4*2ZM6'U)AODP&GS

$[^<6-49_Z]M


Z\K






M9+![$;^UI9=;!Q8/:A+$_T58.S#^B ? #.*GZ&W ^
M_)J/FID%+_!;9</RTO5VX7RM+[2)1,<:#V!YWI&U%'X;%X90J#FM_?*%FX_

VXF[[W4PVWB]=3/+
M9R-VL6@&7.S?\!4SZP$1





MJ=X/9?N77'V*'QZO0L$OS;6]3#]4Q1L'[S(.7B



M^ HZ&7R?*[\^7Z!L%+A1X$=


HCW(N_)Y@
MO:[:B7I2G_G$]E
 WM2/G-:_-3)J9-3(:

LXT?X EQ*'B;4.:NXM78CUB8!

M8\O:7@]LI




[&SL//D9Q*ND/HP'68EWDO\EK_-$'^GDCC-OB3 GF&F^A_20N4@
M!7SX

R+.2& _SX_QEGQJM_6?C24=N!$=&FO;MC&A

MM/J0OI037U*E);7@9]T T;'IT5[PS!L6=..BS#2.U*U[G(
'MZET;+V8L5
M4/NLMU

M_SX$X5U0Z6$*


MU9W YW *M#?NV08@)N[I3MQS





10JZBL?K


*DM;O$NJ\UWJ1_57M]*HO5TPBACG$




MET2T\3F
S]%L/.
2STTLZ%X@E5.2RMN65/*GCU7)8LJ/YMI)N]9U&21[VR

&EWJB)V(=-9B!JJ7R^
M$@C0;KN40

MRP6*89JI^&1Z3 ILI8%'_53F]OV5C.WJVJ#Q?S(NYUDJNUD[L*MI9:#$+E
M=VDO&OQ]F

M'^=  ^U4VY:#VL7FE3




X5\1&_0N?#Z-/W3/I?@:J&[S=1S!-HQ3-/^\M.;!/8N2OQ8

MOZM$MY

*[$Q.
@\ONWV,!_'SLT:IK]WV0G\Z
MO7\7?4VS*.D'3\^#]%7_#/X!MW\H7Q<-RNO3AJRZ^;.\];%4V<![0[CJ3)L




?%SC?@9\;M.\6M@!-
&\:M4^QLA


M&


PM/$2

3S3'P?_3O-/K\^J_SCO:^^%CSI!W\-881WJC?
MXB)6^3P_G]

+G_R]WG3$7Y
M
'N%.W]/7U26Z!EV% 23!];.NAOJW A'4!HC$8P)N$R)N'DFFZOB=T5@BP

M]9UZ48-ZF-\DS\

MW5[Q

^!B'K6L)





7]^&S)*O!/IQ673D^TW
N?9VS/J]%3ZL&]=-#TZ2_)
!]&@X_937(_

5;9-
MG]P\4T3_C ;O@61W19JI'#?+O6QB=0S05U%ZR.)S!I.S2F+]:PZTEJC!X)
M;3VGSQ8;-.%D]4:Y#W=J






MW:?9TZAN(
I4RY+I*]B_8E97(OW+'7H



M+'*]!_;K('X8;4=4J[6EX?\G8@] Q^^U/Z2/:V;?)RCF(@(S)&9-HN
HUV



GBFN(P(S-&9AHM

MHO+B?V[*/_2D?E?I0Q8]/\:]3^HA'G=;UT*SP+^RG.M.M_F.@9C+6XSW6:\)

!AJ!H;.
MW(S;F'YC^HWI;XK./L W-WO!SRFE9B_XI46U\5ZZ$54CJD94FV!5;T9GNQDY
M-7)JY'1EM+ETLM[9RRU




NG#/SX7$Q374; +R/@^W/



M9HAP
RRX67RY


MSA5^C9
'78@4#M+O?ZC^@VJ96FZ93.S-C^NU$R8-T
XT0!.4[Q$HFZKS^YI
ML8$3GMXNF;-Z+@FWZP9M4A-'YIH
+#M7MLPM@HX)9+S#6ZVFWT=IL G2/4)71;779/




M#



MC\U


M*C(KGAU9\3SELM'9-:-9


MG@DYVAYRM-^Y
:NH,.)\A0S'!MTR
M$=_\-J;BKU_NKF29K[[289DO0B6]QZ<H^[:@+DO.?%(O*AFJW[6I^**);RN



:
M\;-F7NU-&UW&8S)VIBMVI@F^TN;DDDE]7F?JLQWH/&GJ4P[S(GU2V:;$Y_OH

M=V]!MR'.T-5U
5T.NL

=^_2Y.%=_*+ZY;4\^-$;
M#/MQ\J#5W_=X

MU?M
5_M+%VNRL@L

/M]
NW+







B(
M4!M%J$EQ1MUZB)$Y(W.=EKE+KQO4U#
8F3

M_;
1B3^4KXL&Y?62EYJM
GUZBO

&FY)\GQ

_U0RVK[EB%
ML3VF?+XT*7V+=DF3SM]^


M?8+SC_= '_6U4'V]U?CC_4=MUUO&_ETD?EKJO0T!6@D/OXPR
!\^V&23:S*+

JT-Y0
M$%V&@FAR-'D2OY\:9[8)6J$9'IHQ$
V 0@
2)[:!0B.@T)!@Q$#APE!H1K#5
MBLQS$SSL0W*$QL

E
]899





M!!!%CZ=G#C0\!B*-@\A)3-%AN1ICBBYNBBZ=F5GN]6\0U ($G?/P!V-XVFYX
M3G(6^V$QD

G_2&IG2^UG[VK3A/






L&NBS9'_\


M






*27E/O-\
MWT

M^T*EF8H?DN!'[S%*'I1
=6S:*S9PW$&(64& (



M0(4(R%;?W&HC






5<H_4FMRG3JVFV= 3BA$_ )FS



%! 1' J9FY;7IOF6SU1%Z+M@%A!






I2X0Q@$F#@T9Q82 0 A$&




*B




V]D#N(^-+'M%+$?DY:GU26
M=:0@'8_Z

M;1
;


M:UL1YVD6MD;8]+B#-3^73IOR4J
QIPEV





M'

QEV_.N;KG1]4A': B0@X0U0(



M*;%FY/$0]4-LN;X3$L&DD CT%O:#('2)%]AO?KM%UK\6:+%Y8CM0XI-Z D6F
M:T5T=\CCTV4+X


%T46?QT6NMJP2/UX
-2[T@

M*TV^6$OAN]SUB!W8GLL)XL+S=.E*2!GU_-:#QPFG=(6-KX=:^G)T35SN




M/3;V?C3R73\_'?9P4
2J)+_*Q@4/NN]$]J!NGL#3VR)767F%[H$YA8&(OJGL
M%=@*=-664O

:$*T];AV
MGLBKMAY5D@$B$HKM021/H@QB&FW,4V]BGS9&6CXWZ36ACCSC-<4@X[SY%!
M&!=0;GEE; Z&!X)V*[Q1%S* %6T%K;VFN32

M#3#%(%LP98!KQ1^SK07=?*@E.J

M



M6


&&;SEAZ'L2

MLI7.JUR;$^QQ0AW..+'!ICO$$A9W ]VV
 SF=P.

MQ0^/17YY#;Q*B7+7S!BC@S!APVD$+9OA:Y E.N^W$Y]F0NU**N2J7[
]*
M&CG^.81[539X';OW41[-%\E
EUW'\?8N'5L75TUF5%+9T[NT4D%=L^)3WJV+
H^:0R#20)]7F$%@^)*P#Q@:77X':D+:#EP*
62
88OWLXO-S:TO*S9B:






MR@EN&N::&2[1XBAS].T 0@P:N+X#OH*#./.XL)'C@2ID

M1[IFFN4YCGU_J'L$C\SH.+7YO;RR1YX\ ) RT(D

MPJ4ZS=4XW33(-?
2J^D&4Z7@Z
MUR5/*B];3W_)RW.WHD&OW*E-T^
2B#AAW
.[IF;C7JA%4C!@] %;\2Q H]!



MW-#6;C#E@ ?;\4AZE)*!IZ'Z_K5@E7D@-&G8$?\C[*OJFBW
V8@P^]#ZTA

]&@G




LTBC1S=I(^K

M8 O\![LB9F_K+


:;/H+&(Q?76_0KIZ+X&X8RD&[=7&+EF
MO5%!QFBKUJ'6$^(U#/&0+5T70\B!1&#Y+O
=4'L8@2=9(1?Q]B37+G
X.XG6

M.
V'

65$8B*ISSA@

M+1+:NENGBR4)'-\.78]6PHVJMC_;[-W3$!H=^RD?1#B/!=UV*!@UF ?.9Y

M\76S$;T(24F(+




S1

M#

ZIQQ=%9HI68/JLCSLHBTK)77;UQ




;!(;J&6@B*

'Y8.



M2BS]38AZ8 WRQ@.W (9CF.&P@?52JV3ZLXVI)+;M(91A?0KZM+:!S+EP I
M4(!

0MT5'E%'
M




MQPKUK@0'.0&FE84'Q[+.@XG#9S_.9&YRZ*2%;3_4VRY#X@A'N '5!]$$*'!(

M 
-R7 MXPID3VC*H#

+9+!WMA;H_.272=PCU]!DG
M0D*$Z$IP

M5GC66]%A;3=92ER@T8_N^!EJ:.#VXAU\TJ@]I;MMGEGL (&E+E+3O V,
M1(

M61ZQ:4TGZ^FF4,S9[^=EI8!Q 2S/'=D$A)6$X#GV*4:ALIFRG6=MK!_
MRUM8\YULSG!0 J$ X&CX_BVSQPOX
2N=G9 R*E/#3=P]KM4?8)?XO@^L1CX
M:

MGR ^#

UJ;=LJQ_%X=* =48OZ/#S+



M!;







;^GC[D*.&'2XL3V




M!(M**_5U6Q&Z;EWRXB2^6+J8:$


4^BX'QA/0 !=4


M\/^S]Z[-;1Y)NN!?.3'?W5NWK

M2-K6^?6;!8H2R0((D ) @+2C6Y1( 'SKR:K




MHWK3


&V?(


]XD^?#)





MFB[R.GH
=67?[:.H6H]*=]2(U1:ZC2.0D)EJ[TO:O

M3M'9WC#3* 

O.HQW
M4)3Y[-U[U;AK)QL&Q^#41RS8
-FH6D_YEV_]'AY*=6-WLN%:[CG@^Q8=^!3X

M@/(X9&UA'?:4
2:


MXFNHV'I?7A-[A;E9TCSUA0MM&\1GUT(S;


MK&K#6V




+.
M\/VBR Z&'CG+X%U)'-02-T6V.7-S#YY\&J\N5B;1[ 6@O4KFF2A2


MV?!01[Y:BE6'U@ J!RD6O0G
SD.-322-S63'4I:-GFH+RWAH7)O/A0IQB3UU
MF9JR*&S62ZU97$L\


M5F-:IM=?5Z5@/3!1J7K#O3
%NB#H!6T<^Q =W8KWU_6='Z?E/,_ULR5C(Z@(%DUMWTP716


M5#\:K+W-$(/XHM\LOF$@&2YLOAM
X!

M(

W#:YI=7F<KZ7%8M'M]/ST[6=7!]'8B3@U6
MU//(Z#.H)4#3%/=:;@Y\=!ZX'_\<3'[O\]FI__/OR@FTW_Y'__7DQ\CW7D


M



MY0 N1=L\8)\F'J.8[ 958&K]7





M.' T7(+XIAB --

MX/!F












TA%I-3'MOX#36GW_C .UW[NMU8BDFET^#F











MCU\_3R;_-9U_FBSJQWZ9GO3/F

M
*+A?_E
#3N9RU#I-OY%WH/3FXISCZ&*.K
M





_/D_7T2
R_67V
M^*!9R3TSB01;Y![L)A5^[U)C60UI''LZJ:D='O;!)_J69U^S%?I(;[2-BI@*
M6*OD*+8V4QMR+3 $/U


B'WBDKWUM9'(QN_CYU_ET\N['L_\U







5%*2RI@&YTBXU\B63:7E^Z:*X
M9+[WD':]3=4K[VX UU]:S)^.R(D+;NLK2C_F=3B.PBAMIG? YS:&@@@^M
M^K#166:;[G7WS];ZPL*


M8WUF[




#5YVFA=7_N%[3KAEV:TI3 *V?WSCNVH+ZO;B(APES_6X5
M![:).B;_WW1^OG8+W0.(;Q2.?F]=T];BG&<LD*(%GQU7(4/4<DO0BR7'FXM#
MW$!JP+]B-*#S\_37RP4*RR!:9[9=(8JQ87,$' TJ2V;U9M+T04[[!\WW@@_

_G/^V[$@MS-9ZK8.Q=X5-O;BJ];)E-HI6LPBDQ\J/
MO

_0U.GW?%':@V=4=5L:V!







D&??Q-:Y32[X'(-Z\[9]PW^[HCVP7W=Z1-7%*

:



M

%*R14HJZ=]]][(-

MZL-@'3;(NTL_O=4[(B;(L9F8720C@3$HRM0*
Z3H#@OEP\XV_9J6TKC?8'')

$B?=@:)&%70#

=
^4$747

M%2VLV(!@#Q[%+:9+W44
L:#QED.U-E$I1
&E
M$AFL!0*[O$6;/G

M*P9\S1Q[NZI8U
*ZN*K/KPF(QX+D=E.T[G$[EH3L?%(FARUDJB;;B)FMLOAP




;W5^6
?1/I_9F?O



M'H8![3M\^OVD#ME#%G$]FZZW1K#L+ SJNOZ#(.&0%KFCCL ($=I&RT7MV:
<J#7?E.ON3JX_3!]I0SW:!J4X*M%![$F(
M.1#5QK54L&9(97=+CN_2QWC2DSZD9Y*X#
ED$SUYDXNZ#7)C
 G=RH2^)SWI




M-WWJ[;.MR34;2

@UM6L2E5U
MDC-

E2LVK:Z
'W$EMF'S*
A +U)Z0#&1$O/Z1)&(KSJ8V%G(']QU


M%
++JFFEX](L/5UM*R]V]9VNQL^N[S+7!_J5JOJX]7ISWQY?-WOT[*

MDAEB'-_!

XI00A.
MF;(;YY8L:RYSJ)^G-4U.ENZFPV0/6_
5

AINEFBAE._:HH\?QA:
3X'&J




M.]6PN3%AZ(

?%IEN6

5Z



M+4SIE6B7'&$4@0B.B]$1X:HVA3-;G93,.#T[/%$X1ZI=5*\8U\NY4!6


+HE8



&A2J;5T)
U6+=*]D/@
M^+M-]






M0#720 D *^D=VWFXI;

0I
M.W@Q':?V

VU46N





0[D-M#]HW=@_[



MY]?WO

MHSS5OF4;V1IJS4+*0#ZP4\_(2T5)GE8)^HG:_(@$O4O'2
 X]BXU/3%@F\/6






-P4OYXX[-W6BV+89TBYJ?M3HZ%H0;S^K?E&
0V5C;83K+45& .Z
MSR*
HV&U]RJ66LXY&&M9#U0 =


M*


V5L1JG50#)O$
M80]2


_S1:']%=]
MWLGIC_/%A^F3ZOGJF=SL]L7QE_'9)2KN;[K.I5Z/9B3L_=W\?O[Y(_9QZN/



&9O)^^

NJZ
M)IO%($-+JV+X#V&WY24]%;^;7D./^66/AL]0BUQ=9.
#
$0D3[5E(Q)!$@P3

MO5V

MM^G7#[IXJUA


*R3

<;-V)AV1=G5YBM5:S6P

5%=(3*
MT6
?N;!U:O%

#V^=CE=#&9BF'@N'YU6OU2;EB




%R794UN_GAR*PXU17)H447&L-








M)67TW#)#S82EV:J:TUHOV=F!6!RG$W60

1Q!XT4+0!.(A(+6KC

*Y4!(/EJLF#J,Z_&UO^?RF/




LWWE<
MC=.1BVUGBJVV$(J1';AQV)MS8+ER+DRIZ$2YK@5VV%$9_9EM+S:*
3J?;$&




E]4#)B:ZD4-60T:]<ZG.JI^0AB#V=\YM


M&FDYJ 1Y![@R=81.2P\S(TZ%#GL5E$H!X9B:U0= 6P^IIZYOV88N@X.;



G55))7_Z^PDKA





N
M8^TX)R:EQ)QC:L&VC:72+U6ER5G%3'$^4^=!PH!$KLJ



M


7




MOW\_G^K/IP^]\Y7FGJJ=*[9Z)Y80. )S8_7(T;GB.(YE)LJK-_#)]R.RE[-M
MCE

W\

M'NP




M$EITT80




BQY](& ]*WN+!=3W'C-7=KZ+%]W@


?/W]!='R(]5.^GS
MRT_]6.UP/J&_G?N2D%#EHX9%_3KTE(B4$6=6194IW
Q297(/^Z.0I# UWV(O''/0
MBW]B!<F.#%HM3_+)1DV/'O[E^2W@+_OB9^WY5 S5TFIB8MJ38R($[$QU
0A



;WX615G'U'X\_3R


@X7PM42#
MH$5TIG&-+8(U(#50*R&XF%%IUY
:81^AW(Y38=EHH_A8*4I3PB5Z]NS-:2OR





QJ


+//##86\$E'IR!2R6JXYA!A90W[\Y+[8U=Y


MR01]9X?SQK6=CRNDE]_^(C4C-27P)08H4KB8K7.

M AY/&I('D[4EH(!1M9:#
;)7P$9



M]0TCHDJ=N8DK;_7+$5WF:/CW\=FZ@CR^L-989PP11$A(7M6BT&MD3Q.[@E\3




L&
&2+
MC4*Q
6:;^T#Q1Q'=-H%B

M_NH?E\\PW\N;_V

MK0KK6\7*;3;^GXOQV8=OP^75M[YS_D[*&69\.O&*CC7:F5)9:@$&.*Z'.M
3397G)G<^Z_OKXA.97W_KZ





M0-6& *KPOSG'@4*IP3* Z]
%E/S$@2;^/]U5LH$5C*W5D
/4W_?20[78=0
MH@/2J-LDDN%5Y:IO#E5G/HUU/:@03N$1V!/9(CV.56^* 
@A3A.LW7@!@H


6G3KY]=%PMO*:XE@<]S!X([@7)TU12*%4R$&*1S3H&/K9K<LE:' X8O]RV

ID&D27/QK?&U3. CTCVQX( =[L'H7A7('AE!'FDQ5!3

0AIH\CT3[''[1V.!0CN
M%*I:@M\VR4H6@ I6(JH%
O4]$7^?Q?ZN0PDL\QJU1*70K+2W*R_;M%N0

6WC9Y5RIB0
MXS_'P8NS!8L

M

F8$ (92@
MRV:Q]\
8N1Z\_N;LYFN_W'\P&NBTN/GNFSOY;C+__:8 YFK;U_5
PWXF1?\!


W'Q3*R


 S






MUGH6NJ^D5.#@WWB.
K'U/;]Z:'G0\4G^^8



M&I5&4KDOQMWZ



5UM')R_W((_0*&*RY(PO&#FT) [_8ZBHJH^5SQ9HLR?$
M%WZ.AP
8JJI4G&K8
B3I'=3&I%!#+&Z?ASO2[U+SR77]%
3EDGJ4-Q#IQA




(YE-
U.$U=(F=ID:6C14+.) ;-6



2

YQ-VPT1L$:J:H 
ID








MJ:ZFL


8U-
MCG:7@M=)DQW +7VX]1)/5#DEU7L'/#PQSQWG2?,6;MJ(&1C'/H4=&8#C^!
















+KN1%EW
MC89F$1L:ZX'MT#6CK
I+_:CZ1SP

ML^9(AJ.T!:

!^@-@W7 X9,3AM?,-,0 AVDU2N^B


I/AH5*B9;5-0JXXH






=D&








=!^NMM)
%D4W)S
,EGM*;2'
MUG2R20KK&^-ACHZ\X:C#\]6!NDQ/]%'(9-%@0B?_]V)^_F53,'V'^1(+-JSH
MF7.^,%'E )K_V# W*GNO&;^%7.OMN3^/IG[9W.UWCL?:^' %Q$<1*A)$UN#


MR^S5VH!L-9G[9W.U*LOP6\W(K%CC0?9)NY9]151%YY#KT*$NV-Q2EP_/YFK=

/]___];_6_U\R.(=Y#S9R=S


MY(]+7T;VCGA:85%;CC)S*&!5B^1;8J/EJ%BG^U'

DJ+UR$VUY@Q):K



U%S&(K6&IQ+!.2]0D ;35(9

L2X;87
M.%9?G'-([!P

VD
$



]IB^RGF
Q9GG-\I_+7RFU






@W
UA

;T?GY^?CC=N


H14C
F:UY




MB$W


,LC=<5KSUY8
M@#3$6J@RAU2KMA93',J[;'5A5]Y(ZM_3K=C-!'##<NWDDJ$%KU


4MP_
N$AZ*]H]:*&_9_9T-


P15




M(W(IB4)B2&RUC497[/)V;AE?#WU'W .+ZUH82O.*85!D


*R9H'*_24KW


JV()8
M-+LD SYI72+NFTY9 '7^[?5B@MW*+0B/YY!)2KCYL'0Q :*R8M


JLKS6;
M:3%9@2
:PDK(!8FRF






MR]Z'
MW=R.E^WM9@DJQEA\K(GQ$=8$1O8I8U

M






X'U

D^ZD*1VJ<'NH)V05F50*;8ILB1]P<

+@TQNCJ
MA];3M5_'D*1DT%N^6\$RQ:583NL;&R438#8T[LTG#CL




1PCL^Y.BKN%@CU;X<*GT%&07<:NZ8951!4ALM2BE4$MK



30AS3/1@C;NRDC&36;.<KF.^!:J;5D2=FTEI)I_=J[

3/'




R\@ZI=##[[8PIL#IV*
.S;2L&&61;1
 Q(42JG8[ 2
M[L:TQ4/2#C(9%L# @(1_G5W
+T:G;V:OSS[.QO]SP3_WFH6RV50#_LNST=H9


M\7;4:VPQ34O_C 9(AE!Q^.^4;:B+
MWK]A6+@USV/ QQNKAY.V]H\TQKQ!:E






M/[H5UJF\8Z1)%ME)

#
MR5JY59D/CTR(;.P)E&/Y)-5TK9;OI
NA+S)2F^O6Q8B]UOEX_.:WT\FGR\3^

O8




=4B@MGT]'0Q&/]\/.-?M/4EL-:R0E U
BT_


;H'R3SV0BY5LSPH
ML%US#BJ'KUZ;H+/3T9*&?@K@TTDF/+)D+!%'P)06V2W&.(YUPJ4E#)ZUH\




ME;DU.LR0ND+RV2HL_

'

M_/0R5WNUD7/K ZJ




MX!J0F'J)RVK@ #AW&?!7?NBKJ5K=S[69?);0RD@8#B?@T@UAI-E;X*; 'Z


M#U'L?;)^F?6^^9BM%5O51HQ(,.JQ!N0;=6ZI!E7*-G*T1UNWRR[5V[\[%&



0[[*F-EQ

4N%C,U_&['87[Y6Y583D&#F4X/C4J*TBY20U9E;682*917UB^?^[N?C-;
MNAW/U.H





M\=BIV+H#8@\24Y;)F
Z#M&;;FE--.B6^  T&#(@=4/^;W[XY52L]'8)
WR\6




R
1O1E-1M0

7_S



M;$SA][;^

P.^__$_)VRN9A\^\ZW]8WPZ/#;@]=E7OE2+
M;]#WNM)W'D/P[NX

U3



M=W%)GV!Y-C)^
CN)A*$6QV )(P!1TKXX0]9H36!Z4/V4PCVL) :0]]JTL$





M4PRLSM$EJEEVJ!:


M=HS!G&9E[XY PVK%V)6K=^
OH\D9_\ #^+KS&*X9\DO6CU)Q6EF5PR+CF9H/


?/?V;W/_I6QO]'
MIEWR#PW9-KAM'%3.EIR/U:C:.(I



M53'VXN7EUC#4[1RA0BR153LOUI2G&+$X
IXQ(JN[5P.%?4-4;T+7/CA9.9-8


M^##Y*M



J=V/SU\VR\

M

)Y04*\6X<(.
(



K8[]R_


^3LRECT6_#A



:-I;!M4EG9



I
A]
H6[Y_['W;MUQYC;6\/WW


Q2G?243NYDIM.V


O%F29_HZ:W
M\




M_ L0!(


M:


0)!5[
M3+*95=JXAU1-\A!+CX,NN

MJ+^X

KYE






M-QHW7'SSOO?%R'^:G;]=''UX-S\^NI98678F7'S\OW__Y989\2;6+:VU0#7$




M[6U5YL


=LGWZC4Q#$L:7+S@5O@O#G8&L:4B*<'75<5XQCSV%^53\Y


M&:$JOR\%;38%$5-2#2EDWY)V;L@

O


SWA-J[TUJ6;VI!&;YN^IJ'3(PTRAS
M


M;[$'03F=NF)E [$UL/IL3TFB%5&MQ$*KQJR80QW
)XAR)&XW4]!YU5 UB4G#
ME. =31JB4

%RFG0JFL^)6UQ7GUCB#G[OBS+](P# )1H](L
MLP/*02PFJOBA46IE4NY5'
7-NVLWML-

M*6&OI2 19M PQ'S=9I1KD4Y+45L-D;  H9\+GSE^0]


H+6



M!WO/W&'9B1-ZX6I#K '(CV+
X2  \
$MLP/

SU2;[?4G_=5ZM:/XK:6.K4

V*Q$T<F0)G&:L1QY5
M;G<;WAX3T]+FWV:JC[NCU+9VSA%W38*;K;#5RK+19)T(.S77XSYL3YK]Q'N

AVM

M:^W614: (CN2@JI
!]/1M+$F:RQGV&.(^\WP7^=[S






VI




MWY-L
P^0:\M50*OVFW-42G 18Y7S.Y[I9VOC1_.;UML6A09%O0QWE5C0*$3L
M02/NC'9S*61 C\7(S^:W\S.]!:#]U52-PX](I:%:?Z9'4L_'Y
XQ[6$M13
MUDC1'1;HK686
T0C
23YWF#%&_ Z$+R]1;X6W.P&VK$P=1;/GH(%;
PYA*4Z

0TX]5@P%^'/


M;/:I3MVF0%?/2

)1RAURJ!4R
MH+



KH86XZKDWN_%TO=P!AFSREN8FE1YA
09








XYB;Z*)%F[Q 3ZC0N 2#37L@NQ#83<S=GZ@)


04TV773!VF#%?(J#V2E#1E[(

]B^0[1BNSEN

'FGF/AK'=O48[&^-JVTR(_!0-L:JW#.6IA=VX^

M@AV@
/1FL;)K5BBI/EP^E2VT

YUJ=PTQ
*= /?4

7?
M-]+^4PRQIF!2]N



M.W6

M5(G8\O*^(P%8O?JQ)G:631
\

MEHKZ!]I&MOF EMG4[*\UXTPT62*HMMQB2Y L=INI=W0#E'0[W4U

_C'6=90
M65=HZT^0::6NRQF-^1\CYJD,(KJ/:1E-KBHY$/!!&$+@MVC#GDW*SV-K(@

1]5F(-

MIFD[CBA'$[Q%DTOG

M4

::/^M)V14/U'49\?O;V
MU]GB?9W]8T?3EJAZ+BVP=L')S61T3M.Y0LC(S@PY


]O-Z/:

MQ_[+U=G)XN-](83QE%N
+K/)L


MXFN:Z



?GHC'O']^=DOE^?'_]QY+]9D5;F*8F@9V[[''DVD5N





MU+VU ^_.R==4_






MDK&^E?K/7SY

-_F
MYS]^N

F1K

MX
M2]AM$+07Y
Q$6?]]S)7\'DZ.F49WJNXA-[D2+#:A Y!M=



[WQY9.3N7[\T6F=7QR?


M_?/BZ'_GIP^R_MVD:+UX5-D#IG9FABSK'WH







QWWR

M-[_



4MW#_9!I4%S
D[7G2



M
4TR@:]*N?\Z6IP
R.E+J=O7S]R4D
PE(T3^<68P_=)%+9RH G8Q@<G
JUV
M!?[+SN

/
-;H0M8/8QAL(
1MVDKRJBQ4%;8O'@1NR*FH




J[CYC\NO&50R8^PK$*
M2%5PB2DY^ ;DN7AI3G@*BBY\YCVC&Q]8+R/#52D2GN0?B6CAI@TW'(SJB


MO+1^DS-[=I8+B)6

-LLOU



_U!_F+=Q%
M@FRR\#1.8'N7H.X

WFW*U





MH4^X)K4@-#-S=P-.7?FP]]+

(<H2+P <A?\


M- RQN:H]O$=5[\\G_$E;0G?%1AC'OFC6!PH.2:4RVX[:

MDYOW7XZ.WXG77WR\^7V;


1T%FZBJF&6





MW







MR@WW

+\Y^)4]*2NUX8(;-VLW&-.F-18;.Q-]ZK/U;RT1PH
73OT=HB



2UNR%A[R#N\K.YOY=EW(N=1]52
M#62@(6#(%%X0/+!:JE '.71S4&N4I[%4CUEEXE:X@H9$_D KE/V CB7*3'


M/+_U@T^0G$WO!:DCU09$(41(+@@

M%'KB6D!KR@2JV:Q)P:HY])9Z=@9^R[X&0H%D4*F0M95 ?EGY5IU&^K%*


MG$)P$ H$'[4\] X=U)OVW=I66YCXTVY;.L2;



M
(V*,62[H)RQ49D-@Y; +L:9



0T)=/#.%Y








M6X88 7V,]?.?N0L$1G/B^%+7:XGUG%1/Y8D&E1384DQR+%XJQ@FIQMQO1Y
M39H SE%I_(]%.2S.@109@&U)'H5DL0_97J](LG5%NZ0_%N2AD$_
SJ/+M133





M-K1J3$


@8



MAG9H.V]SO?/U;N?']Q^.Y@M=D*-;O_+0-O;:Y


MB'-
#ENC9
:2BNE9=WEWM+BC-^$S.:;Z[J^-M;L+G$*B&M@FG^7H.M?RBBR-


.



M0I_^+FZHZ-39F_GQMZ6#/UZ7*JWI;R6+M8PO[





MB=9






M(;-!;/OAM-PZP(N#O=PS\HDNV0^$(Q!-E;D.TB #L%$(2-FHE2


MS^)R0.*Y
*XDB#!C:[' 6-Y.-DUZV.+?_+KAA=*IA^ZMYG6)@U1Y*F(=LUUJ

;47;G9S(

U#V[FE;4TU$\]D4E.
M[.XQU)MXB#! ,35Y=B-8R?_@&Y3&FZ27GDW*49_',-LA[6!$H3HNG=J9Y5


MS*/R.C:A8PJF6B%SJ
EEPH*=J29**


MG#T9)4Z-LG&%AW=[PC'!\7[#6\OKK

M]0QL$]7:.LM&3\RROT;%B




.C^#6
MAFE9S$.;99L'N] DV  5SUD &I(JAC5-HF@-C!^VBA# 23
F'MPD.Y4J5^'[

M9![0ADUCHNIV0YMB



84Z

VQGF+U0/89ZJ9N2$:(A7?.M::-9@-E



RWJ
M6

MK^\D

M



M[.9L[K&U[+1O[%W^+*0?DG_XE7J2+NU)!*;:9 D;.JQ-:\0]^QIJ%#1HF]!E

MU=3XLUL4R)%
Z#N=
M RW23#&4!)S U4B]L8U%@,T0+O*%=EDM3CZY2_!CC%]LE!Q,Z2[R,T%.0^A
M&RB^4@8L'6UH71] [L9F^,,#GY*G%LT/LGH[P;&4O''4.?2&$'+.Y)P-4%H

M/-_7ZNUT\@B=RS[8DI(#@Y%3$$IDNPEZ(?%M/ZP;1



MK[SO!!/3PSPNO-PEN.6+@+3_H156XY
U%6W



%[]M*
MWKZYB!UL%OI1.F4K!S

1;R
_S4]F9R<_RV_=$UJLJ0;XNDC^YL/14FH$8S2E  55

C_*:R]_?Y^ZL5



=[-J8VCRH!E]WJJ.[%58S\CV]ZU_76W[UKRM$J13

&+M&




3^^S^/I5JMP^P'5



M6ICI0-*M5 D(9%-)47@OA!QSD#0'%H?(@'?Z9-D82:YF'P!W.88$$LK($E

&8
M04($2\0FIF)


N#0U9!$@=-8(K_E=SLATEAD6Y!^;C^8_OOVMRW]\DKK^67_7
MA?QB[14FOVW:FH)]L@5__&N_F145HB]

MI.[S3-NQ+0#=I\\V #11U2L24!&8^AA5Z]D]-0.[:Q=^V*5AJ/:*+GO%2[


MB-U$@(S N55A;0)*N2
:$


M57:6- &)UQLU!3' @0V\I)'7(W1PK
M ;F6




M^J+



%7SJ@56UQ9=;7Y5.FFP






'55$5U





ME+UPTPUI[XAZC)=Z0Y1GZJ!0==[3'!Z\6]-R/0$X2K \0;-4NVLN0]MA/P-$


W!#KSE.I*\M
M0_$\AS?!7_
4C.YJ8+517:5*HFFVKGUV$\HF-#V /Z2J%DS7U'C%5U7%P40
MO2!^2_ =@Y=;ANLSN:5W) RIIW)@?
WP7S7


6F9J*+;FZZMJN;N6J VE);/+#_713AW=.U#
M5()NBH8K\(8FJ8IM\08O229OV*:F*9AITQ)-'4DV)\?206;?842%'1YMRY;!
MGU05QZINHYHX0Y+))HQ9U$Z96@:Q^BHGD7N@PR]05W13 

,M5SC<$Z2E!WP


M.)[I*FMZYZHR-CU 2M(;;Z5'F+REE ^X5D(#+(W/43%!R[*@*!/P5/Y!W-
ML
$4=W13



P82=L0PM;P19X&T4!&PP
M[)F:)X/U1:H)*JBTZ99XU@4.XL-47!TB1#H7UD-1! J_: *IKJ*!B]%8G
M*%GBS^*8/X

?16(J(B@-75!%
MW0.[QS/!#E!Y!V







MV:8I6;PD:AM%7\4-HR(/H(T'2_ZV#5TV!-
47%M3'/3-+=[4+%%3\6)YNZ58




EQRPF-RN!.CVW7@?8#ZE!16<4V9:KL[+/)R$

P @Z:I_V
[5Q9^WLJXJ\?YI3:)?

M[J^'1!N8#P8.BO; =E!$







M'O;=X5..-#C
AJF[IJYA!WI/T'7; !?3P
Y8JJT[I&[KF[VW6&):3M.,Q95
M/8$1+/:*PG@Y4A@FSB:; C8'(CF2(/#*+:CB$8[C/@

 ;C!




?8&YH[^:


PT0_8IN\18P&_R;5WA5Y)TV

M ;V%[84)$)=]A20\=B/4X1_M++:!4%K78V= YR[*$_EP19U-39=3!#7-E2
M39U77%'U#




8@C<[TD7GU.@CAA

ML#L-FQ=

S1%VQU,(B?L@M4R77QAH.V<%1MKJD@)VH.JJJR^COMHKL
M6]'XP2'N(!X:0&2B=F^!R(




-?K
)AA&1S&FO



5V@$E&Q1+ 7;=T C\A0
M=4.1[)9;T

*F

7X::X*_.YP*-&!F2<7L


M7I5M6W3!@
26(.V$K
?T_2%;;0*


M^;:0:

F@/.




M5


 _[2SZ6
M,OOJ\-=+] ;$HBR+LJ19,OHIH0WI&CM:IYGFQ=$B]JIV%G%S%S5TT31
A1-
M RUC.SSMIR2+EJEWM$I_G2@\E)TER=)UTQ0L!6=
VK(EN*!AP-ZQ'4FVVM/1







3_4D2Q
4T6IY&T=#
MH5
E%I^1/6SP

MR6Z;MJWHBBIKP*&J).BV*:J6Q NM3

8JN8)
%Y8ZN4*

T\R

M1\DDSX
&\$2)%ST9^SI:


R-7!212SLT!5=5DS;U03!X275\Q7-=_\]7_[)=Y





MF_

MDVP1AT&







8#78]XJA;$IP9?CZ

D6N;;VR\



N;'AA_8U+P3:=




O

M-)]V2R)#&VVGT7;JI2#3_]9(4.3\VX2PTKH?;[Z8/W'SG& Q&M:

MDV2
/)V3!'M%1I8H2J.1-1I9?6#J0PS;NL$6 


MLBI[A&)/'*S)O\&:_-%J.B/I](JL)EGIS2

ML8]CZ+MM?51^+$_K_9J!G%W [4B2W4G9%5
B22/Y)LN]'8

1YUA@^.^'X


= #!2Q!]=/+U,#J-XZ:?+7H/L]G.YR)S2'O8HM/H.$JS^#_N)O'G9.4G
M7\=4P)-KK?-!W*#5T:L8H/]C+(Q^_20WA(74.SV6,WFY8B@O7H(*O?0J[DT
M$NCQ I!GG\HP#C'92'


LLH=+-E0.[@^27P]NV2_BQ8K4/:U)/&YW&3
M.$*/_@%GFSY$)+FED

MT2V'#]&ZU36)D*RY10O?ZH'L4ML0T#$C;?7NS6GU7$67_?_:(K[A/[8;6A

#AD%!BJNA1<A. F1T- M0'86
MH

M 3?3?N ^X('^EU+MAET8$ZID.NF3V$H&5ZMAEFZ0
7S.B




0)M_:#@EN#! 2HGZ!7-6DP
M+L7(ZC!3_L!4U)[5XN/B:3:J@VB.Y Z,9CMM4PLI7F777$IDJ%+K#64PAR
M..?T$,&\%&VWI'*4P/3.7Q@1GHA-R.#@BX2/!Y *[SC#U0.
*/JE+X\H&[

'*$G0OI
M]&AP7U!7#&JN#XG63Q'W$03G:@H&M
!/L.Q+8T7659N(

@Z2'J*H]%ROE.;3?Q4-)&; -WX0
M-2L8RZI=VEYA2C8*_+!V\G-9Z^+%\9R5


ML9P2.

M):^]78/TQC)!.G3GJC966+E6O61)T-1!!D0TE]\BYH* )U7%Y[6?^-P' )FM

[)5

_25D_@#3.U_BQ#XLPMDN#.=DG:Q8%V7


M_IT#N6.]]Z*6$]CS*:$-&2+:@=(:)TF8#FY):P)%&J[?O27W+?Z:N 7[(Y

LIJ3
/Q&$\60G\%8
MW)8\'?C$5B 5QN%@;:S'+YM

MMKQ5]Z'P@6O0
;;;0?W/?K-!A)22/LVR&




D5W1=P4( )M'W5)[K]T8CLJ=#F9BG3'**GS 06$.-MF(I*Q7
MA8V-[NES*D=!22+7M:Z[PTI[^KNIO!3FHMGRZ#138IVX

7RECN^PKBIM_O% M01U65ZI$?Z\P




M./F7-_IBGG




MFJ(K0UU



MTR+;8*9-!NJ)7\3^+0'0





C[FQ82^S/57KU

08W.CC S/&!LY:+[U.UI*N])&USI%1M:Z

MC?VEG%]6U_D+T[DCFX]L/K+YR.8CFX]LWG/]RN.#$QYO8]=?'[KMSG;QXJ:8
M


MAW336FGYZ+G(6UA&]P1;N$'R6;+_82D:S*C7U9+I=7JL-B$=8SUTZ+K7OJ.
MX]JM3ALHW)!MWU.;/$$\CSYY+WS\Q)WF1N_$^#/N

M 7_GAK.+I3_M!/2WQSC



/3H&+Z*DL+^K


DX1VP$EA#=HQ!3X(8KIB






MC]:X8A0#HQCX[L7 Z :


NK]Q-0OPT3QYH



M72E[3A%Z8]?OI'YS+.


W9NQ)MPTL/3H1GA*?


/W2G].G_/I\X=$9T 3N

MQ]'MF/C36'6#3?FM6PC\N_G:(\MW'BQ@+^I%J9BYN1

M2I7^
#JUY_




+)


V5

M^H\&YMHC&@^A*;8LJ9?%$TB#-



M6^]
']*
K+C[((-] KA) 4]*:'$/%MO
0'+4Z*


ML ;X?^DT3](23XUWXC+XQK7_D

W)?
*!0TI+GM;P-!;X



\J91^1







L\M8_R3H(GG
*6^RET/2JU=.8?'(;HC=)0[M<XS9AP
]@_-<@GK-=&Z%4*9@+@4+,,S@=?$4C*=J;B<;O4F5*U\KV#'/PKD8+4Z



MEZ7^).J]IH#2\3E^F

M$WBCYQSDBG+ZVB#?;XKW+

/A*PF 9
MQY1'

MDVD

-1!!]5KUO#LT
M:GR.#H[R$PPPI?0CM+/@C;1^J$Y'\TT$JAC]/=[DL]E


M'?$IOIN(:-
18U%=%+1?4MJ* 2Y#:@T;4C%'=N\,MRB#EGDMZORJ1X!V*E
M






8H_A$B^RN85&F
M3'Z$

(%!HG6SZ^\U*E/+&EK$+2&@ZFB&\ $E&3%2;X
MHZN7@=^&'FF&W<M(81&(;%?0QHL%G%0=0&X%R(MP())/64\[X=8A%O3B,U44
M\Y(B':S!0^F<-LW8*CKK)T#6MQ6;LA')_9B)M]O$X+S+&PVJZ!=^$#E1$-\






H@7F0+.3P=?9

^GK
M_= T48KU*^X]R[F/UT$$=%IDAM\AYA$Z++%9)T&950J?_3NG?S3QQ=*92H0Q
M2SX

MDPG+;@Q9-GA5-_C0L9

M?5F;^@B2JW1[I.R$I+!E2K1%43D\=

MX([*5?A92HI


M !BVT @9F\]$/TW]*

M8R;3X%_EWZ@


M*\[]]1($3LS]N/CYZ\\^=[WTD_5/$XX @X97W!WPXP









M$6VJ&


9DJT+^$V6GP^Y_+^IE(8M;[2O



MG7#YRK#$U]'


M






M^G%2I#TPCJ0IK%CF@#IJ2FZ#*I2I6K-S^M%6G)AL[ $[G605$LIBP7 E.0


MHB&/_H6[)Q$@8$F5&S)+\9



6EN(CY]:ZLZ$@A6=9T0
M#
]4*7\!X#AB=R[HS]#L]%U9SHUK]





4U)S

DNKV



'2
M5;BZ
=4UP&=6Q2ON0
FQ@;(
2#KOYJ$82\C
:3HCTZ(KL



MVPC;QQ3)YSFIYE.S&OYA\F20GONQPA_3_==^X@-1H*1*UL7][$^T(X-/+R0?

C RQ6=W4&(!/C&W')JA

4;&;[BK.3
M_ _NQSH]$TM@:.U*'5;!G-*8#L-)&W&0G[I=M_0)UPW7;2Q6E*=30[T((X44


E


MPY

MK(:R[#E2FY-E'+;\Q5U [B?-&ZNRL'G%(B;@K]+QW





M$U'7)GI/^3F#28FKGL5$Z?-@@Q2?)8IB9&D1
&ZH*&B3R5CWI+4?5&[CQH'Y
M:;'8@G55V2IO .+)T=0+:

SN/-8VZ9WU:&N75

%3^[L$%G
M9%54_#;Y/\$+RFTQQ:(0.($Q7]




MM*R%T)YFU7WX*&-+)&Q)K2Y!_Z6*=M[C%62U69OT)2SAI[TCSZ\DU4@/31

M
YIO-$)V6'(#F.HWP+86^)]?__J?__'GQI-K;


M61O^?

[E8Y=KS']Y-)LHEGIO8C3$$6-A2I(4@[VE__


^;CY





@;U^KEDYOTCOU@YG



MWLKVPD
15I&H2%3.

$78
(PP*8+'U8CAR.E*4;O5SG-
AN4-


MUU[NTG!EW/$^UTI..B\T LN2Y:(BR
44PR


.Q5OQ8R()6R9!X=&PBV]WF5_

MT






ME

MTVD1P6PI@/T6.9;L?6?%WMLQZ^E;\)Y5E\(5^=^&
?=9&

5T(KQ)!(C$2CY
M()@
X+-@1YA]UUYRW7))WCEOJW#AED*)_U*T! L66 X+3_:B4R^(K!0*5.P$


M
A#'Z0'_=J?UTY*2]4C\NSX$?^9O5@6_3(MB_Y-ET6/!%QK?AA(-0F5U'?

[CF[T5O.\#VW(
?W?NA]__M_





C

&V+.&R:I Z08N@9=W9+K_U6K%;Y^Q(__?:#WF
;?[*8V'
V\_LJ-T\
M/?V)\9BUSM]V6V]QVT
NF=I+!SJ+\5-75(


M[)&K2/

57P0%.KS6M6G?5K5ITV[J2 _YJY%+EVSV8PIED3S9I<
EK5
M@1;-FFC6M
;YQLF3SW:\/<T#KV-D94WI^C*1--F0A<SIBWREFQ_I(5F\V23G4 \#3'
M & )D47[^6C&1#
FVL]'\Z972/9ISHG_QX
$JXF!N:&\$\\;(&MYVKOU]&D
MB29-APW#%O%[-=)L]W-VJ]/ .!T3UZ7UI8

!#E_! \Z-M

)4HD

M



]0!+

M#^&A^%E4^4
^%^
0^OX?:%RZCG[


J6OZCN57Y+%IU(';:)F05
[4JOZ7['
-OY#?6?64./*V-)\R1WK



MM9\%WH8Q][5I)M\7[FNW&IT6922AZ2!-!V?WG30ZI];
454000MHFR3[42C%
?Q%4%N:\-P'961&;)


UU6PT\F;EJ1O=Y?H/Q
M2+RSTU9HU.KFC[TTXMA.@_YRWCIA<)4OP\#* ]?HZIZ6IW='510[<9I]]1-
M4756F?K HNH[*ZK5K8@'%56_W7944*N'2 ^L4ZV679UJ6C&J.K1AR:IJWV8@
MO##B

\P30

MK)(97)6^;A+)



/L] R




18'G
=UG_ZLJY^\NP]79@4#&-AHOQA).\ENIJ:S]D@32BN[!&?W1B9


OUV8CI5?X

-Q!:QBYDAF
FS,X3UE+!F
M8K*8*)R960D&]M/9 OZY-WIMIYYZ;-LL^;-O_+(&['.C*8:;+[*@!_PO5?@

M*JP&TE;32[L6EG\2IVZ?-5[8RN!HG'2=[
UZ&

M7L LRS?4#YJ8&;+2S]%?B.\ZJ9%6Y]MF6X7%G1-GMK77!.-AA!;!@'A6(RJS
MT&L46JHG ?KEW2V+Q%CV@L*VO


E!YT=

E/))(&_%*+_HCQBG&^&MA1I/+6[F5GOP'TZBEDC!7:;

MW7:PPY.0W--L..UA[_QT
(-OV
#=[.O[(5?]E/3

WZCYH:KS^2A=;4EV-X3XCO5G$D
MO5@[S#
/*@[?85

M? E\/-#0CO0&LP3 !_A4OY]B:Y5&C=!'TTOY/RCT&:UAO0H='P0C7$^(I2
M G_V ('W9D=Y8

RS!.1EI=^O?,&\V.%)@CWZ(

QYP1$

M!856U*5F3X]O66! Z-0&C61411\G#8R1LOMA)ML)XH ?TY/K71?QA- #P8
M#9I\DQPY
P)E.3WWO*QG?__U;:*.[SF?O$

M__KKXI)(/FB-O E OQ)-;!?!X'\-L5S




_6$A^




M&(S/?_0IN03$.SW6
RCL $A1^

M\^WQ(^!H-





M=&MQ18E4Q[Y\G%&4WFG?9OU05^@S;Y^0


)_+VW4W,K#;Q=MB*U+_CK-B'*99D2Q-@.P(E^BKC(+-E<6_V0L1@LY/LM

U
MK;N^L(8=
/
65ANY#^#K-'_I^GQWB@FI
\B:W*PZ05Q::P)3
B\7)I&FV-/E



MRUY06\:7C

M]L3!46F;&;]'_HNS2;9UO;EY]:=AH@M+S-V3I52K6
8(?M7.#J;-?:(OZ!.F

3GFLQ(_TC_2/](_TC_2'XD/Y(?\1_I
MG\ORFS?WI,9%LHK2M_)JDW_<X9?NU4W_.&.W;T,53JYV<%5E1[OLYW<BQ&
M4@:+OS]?WCC1SC!@B_U)1%WD))#\BH1?=GG;3Y8++$OQC8<+OXVB^Y.-/4R
MW2ODZ:V@U55 YP!

?F0J
M: )&IH*@6FJHT@2


M\P%V%:\_*?X-JP)64)SETD
RAF0
/RTXO<^[4'/:1ST*
9\$WS'GEVT



MJ^(-T#2

5PV


AX%79WP%
CV$2



^6BV&-6[#P8L#\3P.MPBE+F*W)NZ&[=X]# @_U0


F^P

MIF@V
A*=Z\]3T?Z\]#Y$AGY$@V$N
QQSG;FLL:4

91@]\@B&.%32

T2_K.%RS(/67)[\!Q^MOP9?LZ^)0BC

#G4BO^=N;
MUAO]&6R'-_N\AC!NY1B4_Y-X9%_#
5_Q)1_E(![!G]#)U&2!.?+Y1(EWLS]^



M@&J?H'K8A! U2?CP#UQ[._H8*O4S+KVEBVQ48.C@

M*_]NODZK



9\^.
M[]BL%U)4_!;



M

AX+D82[D-;#
GB!RZ[X-WA TU
M.0R4
.

M@+L'CJ_F.P_-?N[

YD@_)IY#-';1Y@_2'







4=XN

MHB;:*X76$NWM/''KYS1SVRRSG29HI5[G,KMDK_G@OQ*H8%$?+MO)LRIE#@1
MW_-AJQI7-M;U.1?%1L,AX[[/PB16,0_PK;L4WWS/?1YX@GT;2SQR:-YL=4!






M6$1C72Z7K^T.^S
!KAY.D0S@+3PMK)RY 
$EH*]C&45A!&T
C=AQ$/3% /]8

-(]A\^+UJJE''QP%3X'WCTO




1*!
MW&C5?L
MR
?*&0R%XS\=:)3'\H-FK] UN.&+Q6CI&M8P%JA^0484\ZTSI[^H]9V&E\CQ

M.&J=&:.97J$J/%4DK6P:WH



SH[


G)]W^/Y ^%7#PB$&3@B (30C: _J^ X'7=/F3_8!'Q[
M@






JS!$65 P.+X\XDLPQ$@X#








M)Z^*7?L?\'9]0_+FE!XZ7+#89-M@G[TXQ-7QMEZ9M7?PSV8ZAW+LHF^W&^WS


MFZY



4_OP6DRUW
RQ%M=
M?F_=]84U+.TPLJ\ZON6*GV;^I'+=3S#P!.

M-RX7\)P]8E8#%


_#R
M)KM8]!HD




VFM7Q(JPI0HFUB/QU2&^H4IRDY6JS%/0DMA!9"Z&%8I@[Q3 7
M6Z6<G%HY@[U.KVEO;R2M;6LV3#*5.FX%Q7OZEM0AYA#Q7!.<.\D[(YAW.








M6MO3$S#+ *O5(?9YG.W%%#0_VB--@LQV@E4SM6'_ )OX'/@G'O&8/4*[8*Z:
MW9: .X

MZ$DV=V@21]$=HQAGJ=Q71$\YO?_VIMVUDM2[VW]E8NB34J?%?N7MO5*WOMQ#
MS;<R%F;\MAO ?NL:$VV[PCQK\X9=<YGAL-]QFN%$


6!LRIN

] <:?NH










M]7ZL/


V


*<?MY*
S55NI6(
MHC)V46K&

8BT//B



+QN)@

M!1

M


&E

MKHMS-GNJ@HNQ0K_E'J[PD2/D


U!Q&6'+




MJ+C_#YC#3-1-X/D)^LGX!FB.#!(Q^ R2TX]7B_?.G\7P



// K@7O5%

TKCJ
MC^:X(JBJ/S /^G#Q]=/-IW]\8U\^?&7?_O?BZX=GA_A0N2_PO)M(!U'O@%DY



XL7G23:/A#9RBX\#'O-\W-\JY1HD#%?P=//VL[&B\9U?
M1OO5CM9B3DI0):CF!M753&4$58(J0=5!J!96L*T64*W]_I1/R1BCT&%$6Y[L

\8?$HO.[RZB9#%+^S8;IZ=G

MHLIMF


M'E4=N;5?9_LM&$AEMIME4C(?
&'2A')*NZ


&
MM(!)3$-
LXEI.J?6=BTZ/_;$-

C9GNCG[]




FJ0)T2)A1@$PE9AQ


M%Q\6CWC\XA-/3.(+^P+L'T2 6_6YWV2W(Z'$DM2#
&8R\/QD (^6 3Q)+-+G
MKTDN L_R$E^_O+DJ
1=0H34%&F]E .+'T

8P)'I0&VQE

%FK_I_I56:0W*: 

MF 9VQNJ\]9





#N +Z/)Q__JZ


(GO 462:3:+9V*$R@Q*GGH9I#K^#




GJBBC13YY#\KOV=R&N$LD$O#X_^J6C!@23#_


\L]Y
CL; -]/5

M-O&LM3%PSD$B:B5J+?V!*:+60OU6!]S3U2;D6\#%'*58/C*ALZ/&)IVE# =J


M\D'HO.A*@#?+ ^/M

MZ3
UFC%[(?


M  F84^O)_GR2#H[_

K=-(5/!B+IM!LF&_R%LE%;X
&U

?YF::I!*ERS=EJRP!-?![
M





M)$S 9;*:!
MRDV@XBC1)7G(TR:F(J9R0SZD/Z0_I#^D/Z0_;LJ']

N.BTR
X$!P(#F0F

;5NS0
MU3WH&(7#0=*JLB[I#^D/Z0_I#^F/4_(A_2']H6






56ZS)FKGO!6B/:(]*YN!^\1[Q'O$


M\#XJSU(1+\!Y;2.^R=YW3BQ#+$


9
4V;Y#5\7(
*IUSD,BCB6./0S'=EL'EV4I5(ZHE:B5J)6HE=Q7XECB6.)8XE@G./:H
M<^*,,*FR3$O

SJ.-Y

7AG8@6PFTW


M:X.+6Z9V*WW4
?]*J#9SY%6N-ES5*PU397


P8M\X

MP[2U=+-3VKM'/%M .*=TN*!=[80&0@.A@=! :?B7!!NAPI:LJ:*-O1OS

XIV1CEIG:H#



;Q2%^&M[JKW]9R6;Y:

MUO+I.7&KO=U^UBH_$+42M1*U$K42M:;W'9VTG1'F3LE=2Z&H]C*_$O
2\SJ@
MT
2\]LXTMUH'%V8I=*[8]2UGT@F
A'Y




51
A9!3)XV
14QE2/R(?TA_2'](?TA
M_7%3/J0_^7G:Y4_*?R44/)?'8LX8B,QN!?6#DSOHUNR

'KHPB



6.Q#-



MW O
!

O=Y?D.WV
JC/GMQN-30MF[G:I7D
M_=KY*-B(6VKJ7SH=!A?Y
@RL/



L:=N)=!
MH&4%@A$!-A%8R; 5C
1 W$%KA)=$ANK&@JLDPI0Y


(F SW!?HN!^//PBAV 'H+=)$-XI$3WHV4P26TCCX*4 ?6
M_7DUX65&RDOV#

MI/
#7[S+4S'/QIR(C00\_C^XJH9+\\'\XSV7@6)'?JB44&M6PJCTB3





@@IAK=FV7;:GE-V_?1!S[YGQO+NBKVIF9




?Z&YN#8(Y2+!^98

PTDG()G!;.



M6
1C]!+0R\*'*ID
M/





M*VRCIM$($3




*
M!_\:G9M9D#G 



+Z . +DW3FT(#KR0 T?M3?#H2'OB5
L0F
MHH7T8EVV8*&?[$& 5^(+(*I
*8*9\3(1O;D#@]95Z0@A?6BFZRB(*9[++&
M^3%



3DFGQ(?TA_2'](?TA_
MW)0/Z0_I#^F/



T0S1#-$
P72S/_D



M!7;/9:#8D1\J)=3/#1:(F(5#%O





M'W+7;8[%&/*T11;%O XB423?30/P
F_DRP;4]NBH07W@=:-G#7O*-RJ'LT




02


M MW7[\WJ

MET


L GXRD C\/9;8!V/JQ%0_0O0-XU))CRUX8;
MD7$-64'CP$+!ZT&Z/'LJ\WCY9
.(A]%Z-CP.
NZX(Z@LQ* AQ+B4]


M;[*O




MPD

3/!Z3:^0Z'/[@D!;+SPK[39

*
WX%PK<=QXZ@U%Q$D71/3X06:\8G

M4+2PBC.


L?GWPJ

N&PY4XZIT;)L:CB 7= S[95:6'RE*K%JJ=-5Y@9 /;T/
M'Z4



MF+:Q8
7

M-[
.VAA7AB+3P9*
G$O+M)-Y6TUGF02XJ
'4BW4#H


^
M1[C@

L;
M54S1D



MR/&=?[T)?(R72W

M7JWR0*N4YTRE3Y^M]S'UN)
9W&R%5SC/8%V9)$HZHX]JD&K),W2XF%=\7VW1O_%RD)6'FB-


MK$Z6DC-5G?/4QX48Q&L3N
YC9LXEL(XZCK B)G2[.BK[IKPZT%RE!%;;.8(T


X





(=X8YP

MZB JTBK2*M(JTJK*B^I@A72KXJ^YDQ'T#VOA]MB5$\M'&3]_.!Y%.S@0*\Y9








IE.!'P




OC$'DS:338*@PD+DA#+LT.3?.:
I?.'



M+9CP!5/O2;KQ&/Z$/III#Z8MCT\C\2']XY?YJ2IO5#&.



T)Q/FD/_:(:OV24NU^W?GK.N2^
M:YRO(7?%A(=_6%N!TC;=JR;$
6S#]3I456%OG'TQOQS&GS3'=@+S-PU4=^
MO\LRM':.S*BY22)HI


M


M;H72W B4ZKE

M7D;TGP9MNRU[XA$+A1



M@K8ONGVTL0S6WP\N+!*+[]8P\?B:9[#JH_J*:@VHNG!PXLJ&Y%!;48='58



'GIG@W'0'U\TL\=!IZK'Y2*2ME8N;#8U0O)D[?2
MR%LQDKX$T\B3HV(T7
1XB)]E++GG/2O[.
2*7QS
(2Y#]LB]1*BF&:
*?D.'
MDZY?90PNETWAU8&+JZ6A\.%=\3E;OOV

YP

D4 Z^TN%A^(S*K:$$#7%?
M!F/

M:B(X3B+%WL R71?'
]08/.6RA;7J9X4HS-4Q[

M29$U ?'*
\.
 #W\'93*!)$!H)\D#Y\]1 &3R!?
M1Z*S(@IS)Z5RM9\E2GL,'$?!'9NB!J.(IP=. S0

42C4V(XU\
MAD(#O2IB-8;YCT?PA^\GZMGP^P2Y8!1JQPE\)6?(RK!8$&*K)/+EER3
JVDB




%F&\ !D*\B#J(C

LNSP$4_LZ@'_8
M.^TU[+?;S5_NKKY?9Q];O[P'78T2M :FNLCM0R)=;6C T !U/*=&.,^?CP!;
M,H*Z)&[V@%!,8%Z.H#5BRMJI7K\T\NE,EDT@G(V?IY@S4NW@L6D

M^GG6H#


%

KJXJ;#(W$L*
1L[FP--3H:


EH*)QM[M9IOC7/+F

MN#;!WNOI?L&&5K/H:QU5?!.)8A_+M8-5)PQ!X;LRF*1C^3N8GJCR (5M+=UE
MIJTF+*Q%+M$


JF55FK'[M

9O


 OBGFO64FL)P1F!D(E&\


R



M9%D'^55-9J1_I'^D?UOHGZW\255-ER3]7#[&^1LMS2._)]T[PG/T9)A4&9@;

MQSP69?B':E=+IF^M_FQ5QK;LB9^V/8X8#JTE67D)#X2'4\5#?S'W\HG#P7Z1

6)8%W=].O/V= +N!PMF17BT<



MA-9(?.9X6TEE9!V) C:!&V-D&;H$W0W@':5&$-*ZP5#&\1V5+ G0/*#[KX






-FB!M1


M$FIS




MZABI?MEIV47'




M]&9J7

-^$+
Q?Q2
LP@D*T=@M4/K
MM&Q8H MRO%AFHYK$=36%+OZ0$VB@9XM.VHW+INT)S5;+NM:G6GMDUVH
FI9-

2/\+'BH#
VG

[8$ZZ].:U
M4%K0-DM
M:FI6PS;AOT

MZ!ZVY-:!*WY1YZGSQ]]YJC17SL9JUMS.F\K)L@[RJYK
2/](_TC_2/](_^HA








^TU
M6_N262TT:+^F2EG4=J('ZHGWB/?6E%BGT;47Y4'
1\Q'S$?

X^







MK_HNIK&8#$68

;%'
8Z'6N/YBVK:99&V

96A8-)G(QD!:MDSZ%=DI\4P
M!GT[+8W'89 \C&TUJ[.X%[O-@\[9WY1:P* #KOR#*$5G0#IAI5EM.\W*=$+


M*DOCO)+V%6!
P8L[3C))/


%/H 8^O%T!+9V?HF0825?R4 K@

M#!SJ+--/
A(-N \6W8GG8EN )WZ'MF'+4C-&^DXP4=
Y4



M??2
*$!-93$H8@85.:<@==+ 8(8&:*.+.6Y9NO^H6

@%E
M^8\P0D?V0F$0I,&RI?R2=^*)S@P8?+]:;U4/B O]@*B53&=?&*$[BD+I4\
M+=B8OK;N2D=UQ8[KX


/TS7AKJK91!V*!^GC

MS=ZRK=8Z0]Q&W%8'/25NVZ!L9_D)OFJA
_M?PQY9VJ-/OA
*'HFH&&!JHG35
M.E2%E4Z#2


6&:3BV!.8R93B
M]?1,9]L5<-RP(H?(*8/%VG*,P$)@.7*PD/?0IO=P55*%D_8NYK4\5-X 3$2?
MQ$+][<F)C'EYOD8KXU('.+]K-:VMS'85VFG/FGO5N5.=;D\)V/;.2Q*P=@$






MEI
_2P5'45R
M],RD'XM01+%J_%3XW(LE[FGZKU4VC@KUMU7]<3\2Y^RJ)N-4G^+U0X%EM.<0
M_B38F%MJ_T^7'<M8M279G[IMJRUK U&4\UZWG

MNYCYE?)[U@2#H



M /H)G#Y)G#&S9@8
[!++- 2IA' 9B$3
1N/





]

Z#1)CWZ










RH

MAS43'TH/9UA8E0 0\!I?%3UQE2+'

MGQKXXH?0S





MAWLP%[Z:=?9-


M.JYA:8%Z=*.M^]Z_V:W;Q;NO^81CK#8^\







?U!?M+W@T?\#7$I_40%$ZI [3]$*F(V
M=2IWBCF$H
S!8B&2P_/Q^)H87B? #Y^?E)QIS+.\O?W?BG$%:IVA%R:PQAJ
KK)S(%_#P(<_

MH'W9_GAS?70G0V_^?O7Y;Q^_LT^?V=7-S9=_?[[_]/EO[.NW3Y]O/GW]Q\?O




S

!#J6+2K$R)@F_% RA@:
&D6WI@.LM#I(_0.<5
M[1%

M'M0A




(L_0Z;JOH=J&/PR^]LK 3_


1+ :S.G.\7P'7![Q6HHQ)$]W7T:G57

292FP7R'9F)^(#1_N 
K&SRE



*
MI48]S!_9\?/BO&E4IR!&YH@0E]HL?IZ*POG%/&_%9B8L]_-)]X*A4;6I_Q

;

G_$VQ/#;-8\;D/(F<.W$/0:<8-[4_13'C

MYBJ\:_'N;)%F$D-FG

4H\_5J=



M-;=


MM5]?;-1[7K.WWK%NL'1QF]D


DRCWA


M[+
D$J-D-N$N'V)U$&7E*L

2DPVHO
M)8\TU8

:=EJA:0A]51LFS;<RGJ
U];

V*\/0)=) KYLM**


M=96FWRYZE99/8AH1V8I0\!!U7.%)=[BC+ L[':=66YO4%P6[;+&ZGY^0RAK
M$WK%EQOQ+^Y-186M;',$SC1@!N4YMO620+U#N=*4P/23'M--!@J)N+8$UEY
M




!IPK3S+@OUW-

M:4RG4+Q'Y&$_GN#1BG

M6_%_2YN6J4
6\W/JOS+K)FDXH U# 0R3*[XZNYE6
MD!-
V]%;';&%+X#-Z


:XX+=HJGVZYFD=F)6C5+O49-ZLJ\R(;6%#!4M7A0)M@?%=7
MGNC!5 !8@4Y[EU+EFH\]54


S13IT^3 552 _3U
TMW-$+=AR





MJT'WXOKFZN;V]O+VZK9?^OG54H^G?KG_^\=O[-/GFR___
BN/M^RF[]???M;


M7(:AQ!.6^9Z RJM0%!00UY7[B)SU58HPG$T @[VUU
^!]7Z:A5JVH0U#]'L
M
R=#D]ZX]?*1G3_Q.U
S^OO

 ML



MR0+#



MVR'9H0L3EN'FD7^12#-&A2KMITY\I\(\

PF@@NT)TL9V2-H1*CG4G4.(&MOUH6E

H8KUOCLIC7 'I

O4-'-^6AE%3-3)#HSP1A%5DL?38/)4




:UPRM
X]']SQ:2B89ESFN8$J $MV[]-BU=-MG14(
MH(*].[



_

MM X3'OXA=(OT\?
 0*9*V!6$8\)R\-B56@

.F5FW9T
WC



8K#4[_GQW/Y])IM94_RT
CA^DXU*^
M*]&0;YN;TSS[PONI:OG:7%AX6G%%0RA17N)WUHIGM



# AOF_OFE?O&%A\*0_M+*+
M?X[=_
]PZ2-


.OC7]P=0V/4OM@9FYMSUW3+[XV3RA^)5*RJ2^6=F-
MPFR/7B


M2/_J(3_2/]*_2NC?Y0'T;Y6V%7Q(2MQ6Q27]U.7_NOO8HK[55U.V6GX1O K-

 ^-XWS!DCB=X^.L;C&5Z\W
FYHM*J'A.IBY!Q!




T^LOIGXFIB&F(:8AIK&Z
M:]EN$\\0SQ#/$
^4'1U!/$
\0SQ#/%


MZ!
: V$ALRR(C@0' @.YCYK[@Q Z&A]FB@N8'00&@@-.PY8/HP+JA]!TQ_




C0A@Y!C!&$.($<0(8@0Q@AA!C!&$.($<0J#3&*







M*JT=16*[LMJ=$G;25XBM#L1'.\ZD/Z0_I#^D/]64#^D/Z0_I#^D/Z4\%Y5-6
M^KKM(\?J%!QVQV7('KF7(P&*RSO,$9L*!ZD[T-S2HT4.YHCV*W&Q47YA[K


M_%;'XTJ^L%;4_.@]R+1)0YLT&\C)8G8Q0A8ABY5.YW+K^9*R)DG2*RZ. $



T0+DYPFBDCF3?-

M0MTYX0 +#&*&RN@E



&##[^Y3/HL'@MV$_A*
M+W@


MA2SK(+^JR8STC_2/](_TC_2O'O(C_2/]JX3^79Y:FBOI
[C&DX%?4OS]
9U+
MVFKY1? J-+=;;7PYPH]%:%5@7X4? ;I86I_4%LI(K?+F]@Z;9+H$K=%E'3*A
M? VB.!2Q#


M0;@@7)P4+MZU6K;UY+@3XQ-:3ADM P(+@87 LF9-%@(+@87 LAY8K(7DG@98
MMCA-L.H01H5/&RPVH5@JZ
QZV2/M8RO9MV9U-^9(S
*5
CEN5!]X ^\TYL8C




33*:A& L_DH^
M??*=8)@5.%C%+-@]&&A




NE@:MK!\-H5MXT7J[&EQ+


M

:3@6^MC.\J&=574[9:




E#R
MN8):)#&X#V+N








MX=8F=G
GL&UT$.WEN!6;/=PM-F0

M. [E

$@DCA@
=P]];C/^$3X+OPOCM*O=8C)-(CB4
0R%/@C&YJ2RXQ'S _P
M(4\R'L.+XYEFF
M8
 2!\5@&OKJ.P5
XIMT
63 JWC(4

)
3B8\%I@:\WQG
MT+XF_B(6K2?__$VP


-/0EFKG8@&?[=H9BF@JG!AT

L9N-4$

VI$P6+;
M-1XN8?:E;_75E*W,#X)7H;G=:N/+@86V*T*[*OQ^EP;3V*IND94O[XN]DY.


=K[6)G+7HBJC+J94_/
M- L?
1ZLKI@)$82(VB.BW28\$!X(#_ENL[6XD&/!PZXEI)9LLY_(?O(=ER%[



B*








E]
M T(#H8'00',#H8'04-;.#Z&!T%![-'0(#80&0D/J5(TS/;SN')H+#9!72%]
M@%7\X4Q]8U/Z'W]
A1





MQXX6:^D63@
L=.!V%S%_$T[PX
-W+N-.G/!0


MIG
QM:ZTIF].V_PAM)XPV:Q725DFF*KAN8O05*=S5H0KPA7A
MBG!%N)





\SU_SZIOE&?09#PTD_+^GJO9R(B'T63^Q;
M











@5
]_Y*$





MT#+WQ;U$4)0TKY_HL=6V^IF8^PVJ D5

L6T@\12 G]1T)[L4C1_VI

K:N9-U9#SU2)-(N(^_]
MH=9C=)%'3S8$H+@82






M3QJ1;/O

MMW9S


MI9[(_X!JC;1R=;H@R%;41PL0J^$AU/;D_EAP)B]11M7KY*_O4C=.!/DB-37
M/IYY5;6NPC-GEKY@EW/U@7L6J\+/IE.1XVYI6 ::Z%27HC=E#(7XK4YD[W)
M$;C4*WKM



M)&*=@078 K8'@:VY:B* +6!;-CNM -4!S?Z/7:7*)ZX;GMNC/7EO5GBT?P
MS-%\'VRO%&U2L@

6'5H6\8[
M[XTA3$QE!D0+@  @ (AY8'_MS%AAG[(  EMZFR3[AR]5RI!OL8Z5_Q8'SI_L




M*N


4O$2D&DM%(E^]6&1=)
M]Z5_3]_KQ.#![7_2:F_1M+#FM(QSIEE974LW&-





M

[8A=!?


AER.ZYEZ@ZGVKT74%X'%-O-4#TQ#[
MA)'.ASQT1H_3NL8R4@AP0GF;7O\Y(#6&A_9E;KI?_5-_R3:3](R(M&JO!=D

S+6VD=3
S=9QLPL7NO(G.H_.%Z'S


91?ZACR'ONJ4


?RVC6@-E#;:]3M

GU%*=0#$$T#AH'C8/&%5GC7NO*EU]IZ$/O+=8JS7;/F.[M*S8+


ZCW![*[3VY#^7V4&[/F
2_

U*BU!TP#


M?8KM:H;N5(-S4?&:I&6+O7I:DY-MZM[F8I?UYC;[D


K_E$;TZZ]NM$I'T
MAZK&KY8HO^?24Q*OLAQ1FJ<%CI'C
#O1#A][!G[1CHHAZ2/]*
SXOX=B8U&


M+7CCZM;?


MNMGD;39MO%/V!
U9-$G32CM:C2U9D/ *X6CY2=)
/_V\. 2^FB&]99DOD92Q






MV$.TB(_*D^'LD.7B;
%9WC
[( :( 6+82WZ- *^3T!GQ2$05%G$OBZ$F\R#V






M\?=YD%8T4TUJ&1+10ZJZPE#+?F@UC*J7H3'\H=TTVBQS0_E#S7#+-)M4B DC





TL#;)J.
8 LH L
MFPW T@

M@LN3[FI&)*Q/L/#'PO_U5AM6_D 6D&6S 5AZ8+VV[
(+P5*E
! ;[^E?NU11
M
)ZZHS# :S;
N:&?2 X/!'K:ERJG

<MU'M7
M=1\6E2AP'&H(2C6*;23



V88M6=(=
MW4Y5Q&BY*

!
@'=5JQV/1]%L

94I$(B.8D)JKULC
M5P],%\%*!*IQGBIZF+7)H[5)C!:'LMTM<A<:N3;Z-V4X^:+G_=K%S]*.&D_
M%IDW2FZ5[/0KPTP'=7M\FA6(H[2J4!\=&JP[
1T6


M09Y+^]DG53*L9:1D6*WSRLI-S:



MSB36#WG+TV



MI+%(O 69@:WR_=]/=S2U*90EFAK(61*92UD
KZ.;A7(57FRA@51[#0V$)J


,$URYJBT
M?&#RIR@6\9ER.ZYEXCE]#1I]IUI I1I*LEYHIDS1IW
WJ%SZ#R];2$G .-I



VMNVZ1+?6]+

P.TK2U.A
M8[F@\6 !.(6(OW\M5%&1?I-D?^
&W



%8\LM
[D;G84Q+O*.F
$W 9NVY/;ZN;

MP2

.AU(AHMXU%FY0%$5CW



M-+H=EJ6Y

ZR*W22*89

M-A;Q*'!U'MHT86\4:ZI0V7SO:314(MUE]*V/Y5/9)HWTM[8Z!^XE-J(/(P]J

@ZU6#@CQC_]0)
M8T
QX3)

ETP0@LASA222&B4=

9RE













M_8'^0'^@/] ?B^0#_3%J6IY*W/ W[@ES1141FWDX_K(^V-*&B'6Q+T*K6N
MN;0KMH]][EN!8!HP#9AF ]-4N\;2^UH_]F :
 V8YEA

M


M+18@HM2(J#:-.9@ $4!$1!1KZ***A !1,P1T6@9JWE:%D3 V639+]
1
AC
M:AN3OA.

^;&618\X

=JIL#'V

M*BM%VIH8*\RZ/\(@JMW)R
ZT=S:)EH%K8)60:N*(IH%;3JZ#E@RWN8
A$A

+EZ/HR%FSE[M

REO;*^J$_
MPI97$+HBG(Y\;?*=18$G7?9_JOJ?LNU\74@OB85K3*%VDA[X^Q#RLT75S-'X

F8'6/E=+5'Q_2)!VW


M[C9PMUE[7Z]2:\&Q#TP#I@'3Y
XT'53P =. :
 V8)O_5

/,
M(O(I3R7P3@<[18 6H)4'M*K&#&! ] M!:@U387, 9H 5J UNR^%E*WYKAZ
M+=DB=5Z&UM@V )[41S--HX-@0?@88:'!HY(@ ?@88:'+@I) @_ P_2^AKD
M@67! PX
7UZ+

MM#Q$##R@!6CELM+$V3R@!6CELFB%09C/:M::+9]1FEZU18\Y.L(@JMW)R
ZL


F@:JQQ!2V#.1K


!WV5\)#V
1LJ&


MR7#[43(S1IU.+F
DOD^$'PDV#(



(-?16^&(HXT4H*.0HIG'4YXA[0@\@H]GX_20
9Q=183LJ^']*H:_O+FZ4!;A[\U_WUR\

MQR)BG\4#^QJ

M);1VA.[40HC4Y^P=C



HCUDE#L
M



MAT$PGM#D7V%J


_:NOJ
MNS:CB
P
+13-3BV2=(139ZFUV:K)R'
-FB*FVF/&GC W%U.35KVV]J
 H39$
MN=0VM:J;#]P2@=V'@KU-49FMBR;FK 5W7I7&6.Q3D)Z0%P)5D/9-RS

2T
MYO&5&K!IMA^RM\C8H2^)$[V ?M#SC1JVL1[+:#I!I..2OLWH2+3/#&]LID.A



W[;YR013?WAR&MZLY8WZ%YB:<^


M]2AXF+H_J#V'P4B*(;O\+IQ$K:/9E^%0.NGU2S9V)

M\I51/ILJZ;K%ANL9]2M=1NU)6?IME.XVS^?:=POOW/RDZ9EDUM!BG!@0HRSY





ZUA\J8UE/R
MO5XI+'NJTA5W(1^SM^HUZ:%IMUZO_C3SXV!7

MHF3-ZIT-57%53&W;S%2;WEOK_$0&XKT^V6/:(!9WCVFOIF\=9F^=6H0T288B

M%4E7C4@E'4UU%4E[:MO



M)*DL0EJ[U4PB\7'ZQXI2S=N]F
1O%C+=7%O:=/LT@&F3NK4?7X[)7AO_G77I

79DO=DN


M5X?&J!%1B('(*07A'EIO9-UTU


M^]%ZBX]:.CFLYEY8&Z_A'&R76[


MS&.U6[A]=F.U'FT9V4/N;11NM.L8[1



T52&B9
MK1.V93T1
VWO&*[K.Z]*LE#J9'D@LG(HQJJ.U7

165


7.(KJ$D7SUS_3@48-WK)UCIA^-IO'2=YNK YG#3LVX] -U







AA\-

M)W5D

'/VCL-EK//U1#CR-E\U'&PT%]!1Z$8$B
MW\9$V3&6KQHUO@%R@-Q*D)L[&@'&@7%@W$:


MR:)\7PC

+
EN-J=Q'G=B_Q#S^D_Y*7_
P

$P#2YTD(JB)

C)=.J0GTGM<TDOE!3R_<!KOJT+K75)
_:FBNN!2[U0
K?)OC71'

MQD#SV


M

M61;?21B
 YT26R6S]B.!51'=5VMB472 *0V[! 7!0[V&R-G7;Q(8J4M9_%DI
MOQ+)U/XLUW-J2[/9;^S$U F!$!W=7[&CUSB5Y.';JOG8-?\+DO_E2;EN7=
M6((D'T4T%

M-?*? 9BK[:/&MD8:Y*,$QVO=9[Z/WRY)6'IE'O1)__RNR.BZ,OPBLOP?[F7
MT!W7'O?[423BW:-2^MWZU7F]VZ@U:M56OW-^WKJJUOKM1K_3&/0O^JW1J7H



MH'][Z-\)!@=N5[L5

ML

!M_X5JL*I@'3@&G -/FNP1K@&? 


0N7& ]&5\Q

)3-B]RF#R).5&'E [H620K9PR
M IU@


&HVK=JLV:+0Z

)Z0:?JS39R[FVLP2Q2\*

.A'M'#=5[Y\=$MO4'5H@97+SO;?XA@ZL0RD] QK7E


MN'8Z4[^''D=1'$H8AD*-25.DTU%+!21._%
MPG1YE





MU





MZPR@!J@!ZE*!VISK


M




M:BTN]&NGPH*.\&


M2I^PI;P[/\#T-IA&K3V &J N&:A1:P^8!J8+CFG4VK/ 9ROG6GL62+9
Y?0L

MCD-M-E ;J W4=LK4UC07_EYHE3G\[ESIG_*7IO-9O5#XB%H$[0)V@1M@C:5
M6YMP#'KTFFXO.BN4IKK,T38\+-I








(0G=!2
UPI^A=ESXC

A?
R\AU9

MU4^/)E0+M:6HKG=%K%[CBY0'LZ:EDT;:F2]J

O9YW)
VEP7 UGF6A





I7!BG4+?\
S,=\U\X?
M$42O+Q !M)P 6HQ57P=8 ):R@Z4!L  L ,MV8#'FDGL:8-DCFNE( R+HPU6





A)MXXLNP/PX2/XZ^


7[D= *5JM7?S0ZRIFP6#B3%I
^ZSM.
DX\'M/'-()H27@LE9Z2

4K81$CT\B\7'ZQT]/


M)_3HH10NC%.H6_[J]CGPWT/EH'('5+E=[31

M OA@Z;N.UPN $ 54-T!JCGYF *J@J@BED54 543QJF%4!54U$%#%K%H^

](2N
M1X


;5P/B8E;!PZ6[8@S*5





!M8):0:T%UW-0J_TGT]B*Q58LF!?




MC;YC
E+?CWE(SV(\CD-YFR@GDCA@




MMZN%ATGVZ(?]AUY]'/


A1L88LY+%0X9ZNB$4XEKY@
MOHC9A&X
7.G
HCB=(-K:+?2@Y7JM 7CCK%
_F(0*64+@1RL5Z*2FWU(BKWG6




N;JXMZM=;YO?GOFXLW

MB'T6#^QK

CUV
MC

M.X.AOCEU*F!
N3P69VQ P.+29R**




-1)&D_5/N[1TZC=XU1DMT(]F7Z^Y]+3DE?/&0?T





MX):%9RY-[M4G[DKJ\^)+?=4Y;^FU-77-[




[]EA3P*!JFM;'D4WII;%9:YQ$-.-+=6

=\XMZIUYMMP?U3K.:

M4(W;'?Q+WP6)U)?Y+$

$^&7/U&OHYW7U




M[4J[9RPO


MP3/@&? 


8T.DQXC[
M=R+ZY
\B1KX

MV:U?'BS00V.H^01#VB3/4SOZ9!Z3D!SI2:[*SRF#.1X)YF@I
^GK3\-Y$;.Q

M4'I&8E ZW2('



M=PXKA


4 
$+/
2C97O)U$CHC'JD$1'W1*1K^I!Y







W(06\%$!:V5D&KH%76BPH!D9MD.4C4/A'+2EG_7F#

^ 9\
R1MB!;L&=R
M7$?MDLFH^






M(!1J!C7+7\V


 
 KY0#XEE@_X!_H#^4 ^
MX!\[Y0/]@7P@'YL6MA87.%AJ@4XU:%*^;__!I?^.J7R +!2.QZ-(#B4M@^.


I-U



&9
D !F
M3
R8!L!B;%/K9
!27F4PMM2P95@Q3V)E:0SZ!=G4MC8G$D2U%^_8&84
44%4


VX 8
M( 8RAJ9 4Z I-FD*IFU




D#(7O/+(XY'[D\5@&/I*Q


=+A(;RCC8RY.6W!B^<,C0!?4R$F AG^Y;&#$-P8^&UP=PQARWCKOH

M_U3U/YC:@;PE-U#$F4!!GIW:ZYC:
;7O+YZFL?)KIT PF-HQM9N24P/(@X(\


W=DLZ7
=EI%$+MK+97B%! '?G Q]SOAR8


W
M



AN


EMM$(S'
[?Z_6<+)B&+&XK4D%0<SZ=_04JVY$BV

M^1I& 1MXJN $RH-ABR0JY[DPI+J:?SZ?[.0\='+,LCI\N5+ZL.%E8;%U8.



MFHGS;$/+DA*.H1VUA&X
=N3DRHBEG!*LSFU1YYE@?J3/L@ _Z\P'KHU?NS=%+#3S

R71UJ.8ZP
C*
M4ZOVWI\7!K6LRK7USBAD4-./8-@RQ*H#;A_PH?A5E/XNG]XDXO?^'WYQBWWT
M
W)#PSO_-F#D_-\S/WT@?X9^FI#3A





M&WT\N1AF.1U_-/^Z&9X0W^

^[[1:QGG[

GR:Z3.
MW
:

MI:VSK_$SK
%ESRM;+#$6Y
AOW\LNA*9^%'[(8#F_^&LV3?/R_TN]MXU&EI*Z

QX1
MZ(=\F)Z_7X5L&
43&CP#K9E]YPF6N1 0EP7!XCL?3XR3_#U7.??Q_?Y
M=

E\];EZ7F]_/8[2CGPW+L-V+DY1@2QWLIYK-@#_@#_@#_H _



M?ES'D=^I5 O
%.^E$^2
4\6 G\+TL=
5W7=_I;KE+R7
(51YX+)G ]@OJC O



 P(7)72$@[1?U7+I?9$D6*1Z V_2HM0U@\
M3^T;5J+5K (C8XVHV[9+1R:H^JNOM'1S4E]3$$=4%=4%?JJ.N@PWLY*]^-
M5K-0L.PHU(FQGQ:Y@BKU5-8CS;1MF$793 L$%3M5D25M-4VHA^Y!]W:TF-UP

M1R&A ==2&KI

)M
]:2=2693SC0



MJK!7)6^U
M- J]%M%Q9\I0H2CO4Y0X4*G+YA% 3^*F _5;0/H^#&4=!I8A0\









Q;-NR.W:KY;3?/&HP

U2



S;P@;%-]1]%5.94RF+;#
X,L %LT)X-&!O !K !;@X8+H<%U31 =.?LD*@+$FE^:F$;BB4















 K/ K*7367XW




M'P?
 _/ O)^95T P'8@'XH%X:\23'VL'XH%X(-[/Q

:#[P#[S#@:4L\!/+M
M8

8)@!+VHXS
@H



M%*I89 0D!*TFO4E*XS^9;M4._L+$@6)@D2)EC+EK0%#8F1$&B(%$)
J2


.
=9 $%1**Q%

FMKJHU6W4QG-R8$1HPH*ULM!WDEWG)V*K(



M
S5D3PO40O;V7K@YDE9N+]MLKP6:%K!#.U$('X1/
^'K=B%\9;BM1'0I%=)H



M(77SU]70&N(]E0T@-

^9LK-OIX



\.WKXU

MC7Z[W3P_[]M-QS O^N:P
QR8Y^VNV;:&S?.3WW^WI\;OP)2\@7=D^N(FZB


-;TU&7HEQ]BT[;;=&1I-
MJS]TVD:S:[?-9F?H6$:S/QC8S4)SC#O3EU.,#WG@_\/(F'HD'3,RB@(N5OR'
M+V[B]E=%E1/HEF:I#3

68#
QTKA38]AUA%7=:#6H=_@)#@IC)/R

_:/BZ[/&1E0A+B9748XAH:&RA6?^06-W ?;#]5QAWI
NOVJPESYM<.VE 0[IW'(<99\9?'UF


V8$;8P&*&A

M;V[IY8FG+)Z?@.3_)8MJ9*@9MK%FF&D)*1K6*K=L5E?KHEVX=SWN'959))=+
M


TN2#V2Y


![












8U5@(GNX@ML<% /%0#%0K+  *1K
MH

MIW'3%#=?!XWWG=



I]/M




!

[N7%[7J/GI2B.[&:.3=


LZS3:GEA-OMD_E=57VF5LE@L+E+E2<OV'<$W5&D^-O+ !_ !^WY8+\S
MP0?5?9^J6/;/



WU\NES[1#E;ZF _U6P&_ %_P-\!
M^+
$X6_7W:.BU[U^2/AW@JQC3%'P4F9-&A09_X6TG#5NM4O0]CW(YO*U)HN%




NPROF#N+8PZY/DW\_6LJ7W2[3F_8[G:Z


&WHR
?1;3V!T_D&@6DY$?TM#U:4!H_CSR3M_!



./KX6I*]RA43H&*MHFV@W\ #_ #_ #_AE'^ '^#G8/K6?3P_Y
M7[[3U/_.R
53ALJG

MG

O#LF+%#U$*0I7P$


KYC7^
_26?N

J


MQ7&.L+(4H /HH#T=












M^P _P$]!NYL5G$^CURV42A7[ #_ #_ #_  _:MH'^ %^RIIIZ]^30+66MJK8
M15CRH[Q[UJ((ARK/
SM.YJ8R!AIH0:6THTLZE*5QP@)@ 1  C =@!9 Z %



4G)TJ@[%$-8+
M9H%9



M'T@KI+6L6])CDUH*[05VJH?SJ&MXJ+]A'5^@+16B&MD%9(Z^*XTY:IC#'W

+3!7[/Z6

M3B53 55 %5 %5.E@*J *J *J@KE357[_AV??7KK!^C642^I*MT^P _P _P
M/\/FO8!?H ?3*H/-=F0_^4[3?WOC%SX(0U=GP;D4YBD\6SPA0S;2@5E$H1
M^P _P _P _P /VK:!_B1-]/6ORC_D7\O#1E'J$)&3/OC@E+F#X$4*K815@X
MG;Q[UJ(TBBK/
SL.36[T&HA5P4XMM4!8\H$J3Q$*  6  F V V %D +]KSI
M4V'3@768:_3LA64-0B @$)42$P6!/H8Z](1]


M6L105*(




M-+$)C1J8Q2UB817/[(8GX88
HS+F=1WCW
M:4!#EY'K

M\N?&?RFFX1W+*L$1]L-/^+EN67K/^/'IF/





MIOQ^?7[

MGEP



Z24^?.=4G_^V
-;A?Z\


5HKXOA9$*P-XGXW?\GWU&LGN4 .=W2M?\GWQ]D
M'NEQ&]&[?!/4=


4DPZY=Z[E\U3-';(I



&'\K
_IU3QIG-]\DA#Z6JQ'F;XFY6=JV
MX%H?6




%1=9BY_'!I
)7+F&LR6Q%:=.'P





MM XRIY3!M!TC@#P@#\C3Q7A*&0S( _)$&@S@.M!6.M@'^ %^@!_@1X-@V#H5
M87E


I14

C8 ;E +GW\EJ 8**86Q=2=5A;)/TPN04X%R5FNI[+1:B%/

MJ'V '^ '^ %^@!\U[0/\%W=[Q=.:NB^^A_,XIB%[@-)8QHF 4W]*0T]$BT





H)@D-F Q*
M5:?%KXP4^:HW^D47[0)&+5 
% /%0#%0#!33F&);^@Q5AX*GME58=Z:M5JMV

MS^L3W$:!-S]1GP8T=!FA*;EFTY1-;EE
;*.1)\X?0OIBTC5V-[8.BJF4P;0=
M;H \( _(T\5X2AD

M;

0P*WK'8:#H+E4_D8'+=L(?83_E-MU^*LMY66(HG

MQF)30K$TAH#67$!50:L6&JF


-\\PVN& %&G%4_J67*;\[\0/W6#F
8_P=^1N47:3C.)H


_Y4
M7!:F](Z_C'Q^%G=

E*4DSDY(XLRFYCV8!







MFZ:DRI$UC*M#]+ PV.-JMPB59WZAX[(*\7 ZK8N'L3I3181I?* =X6*PK?
MA:J$OVE'VI?T=!N6':W**MI@:%BYRMBR%FG='LH'Y1/2/!HVT75\M5!PP)

Q@.0=O]M
M6L&;CI!L'_/8ZG/-4A-F6J7^NE-NLI!1ZL\?6;.QY)*/Y=IN7]:46+2QI@L+
M& _&*S\_L&A#OKX D5
Z^O7'OG_^



MGL+IUEIXL;^R


^*'667ZNY@ER;O7K?]*1ORV[/;-


29'_F%!O73[&F0
-9+=


9^R.E(L
M2?<-RMLYFO80N2DU(-81EF2BRC.6/11CQ*TP'5K!A/0 730G@YM8=YHT %T

:<BO
ML 3F@7E@WD8[=2S3$N8FJ'S )B@&BH%BH!@H!HJ!8J 8* :*@6*@&@&BH%B




MM:-MZCW_ ]MJS#9A'=*V6485VF#L IMTRK,K\ K\ J\ J_










MU]3LO-G.OHWZ

M!*4BVR6D(F^QI0[V4\UFVN+/-.J6^^'2XOQ+P=\:9$TEA^Q'RZ;ILOW4Q8O
MWR1C&K/E6X^FMC0Z@LWC



MBB(03EWW[C Q@3P _P /\ /\*.0?8 ?H5-+V66K%9A6
MSGVF-&)L)4*&JH7IU_*=QD7ER=P1!Z ,J'^W8;9$5?D5?5G+]T5*6!TD!I


Q8PHM*
M

MJN

MDRK($5;?4MX]2ZB7\JZ%;!&( $2@SB)@O$
(-$0 (E!K$3#?69@)0 0@ O46

1&CSE%+<VA4B!!%2U'ZJ8 \BM'$F9(EK)0(1
M@@@I:C]5L <1VBAAKA*?S41H=*J/RP



MCI*$3.-HY*?P
8OW

J#0CS(ZPN3T8 494@!$6




)AJ?S%2L^J=2J8JH JH JHTL%4
M0!5057H)V.INIDQ93)(QC5_85OE0'::GHK;!_@!?H ?X ?X4=
^P(^\.:7^




M=L?


^D5&WT\N1A:AMG^H_G7


Q'G4!9F;;M\WL2!3:$R%8^
M1%98(2CEG[N P1!DJ3=9$$RN)%FTF/


M'827+:A_*(LCJ5K4NLVT0) $1G4!#6%!'-**J$$9H*98.91OF!9=5YK2LV#
MJP[]=(^KUXNR/1O+]N1'#J(P!U+^M^N4_[^\\DYVCD^A&TT8:O#H4X.G*:0$
M3P=E8%:-:E=M/TM&1-]RV2@
 D*DZB2J)\5)BG
7UVSR22VJ7^.K8Z2?*9X

MVQ18ZM\6LL]@M\K=9VAJ72P?5U^7J]^Z0V56;A6\ZQ9580D)1TZ6L'^&_3
9
M^V?;]J95
_3KO-TR5SO$O
]6!P?4MX:E=[7T5_J01P[!N!*


V\RFTR#Z(&QI5LY\^J(FCEAQ[GR.\X.TL7!

'64 6%)JH-FVTV$I5@E-Z;
\WQ04X:PV98TF(T
)?!_RS

7IZJ#B[2^L_R3\BV]:VKL:_FM



M@7 @7$&$&XQ]]QO;)S\#G /GP+FC!KF836G

M_WUK1H%Q8!P8=XRY/F75R19! TH
ND)[.T$( &0@.U%9[*W(-X
M


MKW*9$V;S4;'$E?P2/6'?ZQ?4J.N+FHI-J2F]E+C-R[ Z6!TD!IH#1R)S5F



M)B8@Q[HX54[[6;^$9^W(\D]$6C_OP$[R4G#D=.XB?4O.?TQ9F# 9FEWDWI8.
M8J6



XFG)S/C3(-*#\7%DP+_OW
MS)].^(_+H*B8)Z4#MTU3W*;%H4:KBB)(
Q!&5U!W W4-815A05U0%]0ML)N$

;5%


37?@)MP:Q#'.?;3OL

B
M-P:Y1$/\(MH(XN]9@CNQV7!


&G)H-

1EC*NRJ
\=JZ _HDO6?9RRF*:\FLC
MGT(WFC!R^CE*DGWTM89%X.VF

F0_ZA\MAE!7Z
M'^ '^%'(/L /\ /\ #_ CYKV 7X$.4/T\WG8PC9EZ^O8J$NXWB)([Y:-HI@]

M723!R/

HVC*;?:0X-


MO7A;ZF _U6RF+?YJ*/?BFE'61.]+JW6Q

M-8AEF/L@#:D[1S 1B@[\ #_ #_ #_AJ'^ '^ %^@!_@1TW[ #]/0!U216_

)1\Q;!&$$(D5XB:)BK1[#'GJ7T'R
LIBVG*
MKXU\MUHPLCIYRA)]I'JG;-0#E&?4K-,3EO1G0
W(A0JCA;[ Z:'8$/X
/3
M?EK#%C=^@!%@A/:




?Z3?POX:O]Y-MP&LHV
M (:J.C++%M?*&LPL\LY4Y7&U7Y0U02P:UQ&7'@UJ@%JBU0BW
!\$LA9S*
MB+4#XJ#EA]FI;4#

MUQ*V#0
^@ _:\\%IM


M;N6I:PKS88&ZH&[Y&Q$J&5D'PVIC3&T1B\'F\;B.TRP=F549;%9V6MZG]#9@

6F62V0\.Y3.(KB25X2I/^P
M^.
--T8_B-QOO__];[]M.


M8W:;?:?;

:?L(1\8??D*IK0EW5AY?# #]G9



+*\(!QH%QL!_LIX#]A-4/P[Q__WF_57A7!]7#)/=(0KAF





^?7J^Y!961W3L&6?8%6RE
MMU_?Y:4S-J^I(\EIM+E:A2]@EDY$-LBQ!)B;&E0FS^]8DO K$7WQ'GBQU\



\E
M-NH6




#

M

R%%28B2$VC7
F90T3L9H0
I9M19 27_CM%T@72%&,X#O
M?-,*(]-AO]BS8I (LY-_UYN=7#@$%$Z7*X9UKN_]_G]OER@4XWF!@!INX%M

PA#](+0
M5Y;H\A)NC4JK6JMT6OG3L.C
=YJM#06OGBXGJMRLJ*^




W)ETR$

B%)^RQ&Z):7G7Z2Y$AE4DCON7+D&.)-%:OBDQB?9TD#B'X


M


MMX-^;UK;NNRGB\1_Q3GV)OXK!


F+U/M7Q*


UM'XC63A#'=
M3J&@:I2YJP8Z'B?^.4:X$_\0_Y#\(?XA^4/\4R#ZD/PA_B'Y4XCBA;$7H#@U




S8 !F
M 2U


2TFC5;.N;+*T*4C^#E$OJY9^R^;2N)


2:@_SM@I-RN?K'_T


MZMXTEQ]NK3F?1@[_-+OSN1E$_NHV]*RO_=7 

&O5&H]=I#@;C3GW8K]8'[79_,!P9U=&[OV\L
M4);8=_:!^PC?V1?O(7YM!#.W.[8+K^:<R'SC5KUNS48-@!SN94G%Q\?Y9LG



^@V*_Y\N
A\M*?A'/Z$.2F5:F%#A67 /\1__+BI

M3_Y



M480@8#//9T


MI19]X7/W.I.8(3%#8F;G?8:^;B9%7W@2
R1F2
R\C9B13-.I&;7\X584#B!Y
M0_*&Y
T;!?'HZSNPCQPI8O(CD'9NT1?91$*(A! )H=TN''TMCXJ^\
?:.D=&
M!YV'7[WUEK+ES&3OB\


MPD7I
_#X$EC

M$K((67EX30A8!P5BG\+P0Q@AA!+./*Z9R

M@
@W[@
\V/-7[!?OD?O


2P(6 2L'8'4I

MW##X
.0S[OM\RN[
;ZP7!#P
J/!-#H*+$K^)?XA_B'^(?PI%'^(?XA_B'^(?

M$8H;$#(F97
4
]=0B*4-2AJ0
A8.0











MFR%GMLNVAOB:1\Z\R-?R(.8+_D).9X'DN. #ZP.F*^RSYW^ML





MEFL
7(9




+ASLS




MRQTPK@4(T/2)X1S
P_NYF&

M[X



M^#1 HQ28'WA\CO]X?\(PI+!


M-XMN




MZ8'!6/.7OXS#-6#5SCF8OTQ\(:?@65@%6X!SZE/V9$U;:0/&B'&M-WAF^_



M6P0E8-^/_\)JH



4

P,N 3DC+-69#8+2_C.Y
M':4*2B$+1Q.L7) ?\;X%?[(72UB:^
+T][67X7
CUT9M=
LY^PBZ@C4_@
T0


*B+NBAQ3( C
MP+V:7!@R1( CP!'@3@0X%55$F/

*SQ#K58$24$
&?X$_P/Q'B


F-
M\6JL*0*+@*DB4E=\W





PR:=6T58PKRI[[]$Z+(@?!Z*3LD]];MEF:'LN
M
]TI


M*AD9Q[LP)YX_Y7Z\K
;R&PL\QYZR_ZF*_PH=F+L]A'RKT_7@=1BG&[#08TO?




%PT!=A27 @






Y4/&ML!4(/5

^A#_:/4 7$JJ




M# CB'Y*VSW2Y
_15B2J*Z#R]_[/(.4';0\BW!+=L



L[/B%$$)*
0K[%Z7KP.@S3#5CHL:7O+8&<JPI;.B8\V-Y



T@LG73 O

_
M'OR^PLFOCYF90






\_^3?;
M\N0E_[2G4P#\R SKOUHG#._C]XJ2F7^

MP5?]NJO5QM(6G7+=+*I9VK@V] Z-_ XG7\3\'+;1)  5']JF P($W;'*S[@&

V@V_%EQ/?^\I]$$A2
J$M 0:I[IO!8(8
ML?2CX4WSV9![#6&%R=R3OZA?

M*6(CI]SRI._U P8*JM.1:JYG(X@U;EIS_%D3YEXZLP+!\H A%PBY!XQ:#[B?

M=V8W+OR



9FL\ZG:


M!@)^@K+?5@)ISDT'C$)\]B
\&[1#A3UZ/DI_:;1W:D;[1QS4DKN!&!78CA&\




M62 (C%OQ4)S(?K

Q[G_/XO!LY

=X$MAGYDA
KZ(]X%/N\=L 07PS'O'#C=#


W$N.J=[\;G^.



VP72%6(T P\/N:7WY!=[5@P2O;==]CO(DN#[\T5 X23(Y9IA
MO?M[GZ/#OA#


XZ<<K;.F
]=%O-2JNCK0]%498X;TN Q.\9]RAMM*_;VCH9$B(N!A%$
M'Z+/20Q:LEO+MWW*4[;_6YP
%'+/61A#]WV]TZVTN_HZKNVC4LHF^9%).R?I



TU(H^Y)(A^;;VP&EX+ECC82
Q^0'



M@1OV9



M?V:?/_UR




6RB!'3=M%Q0BD
M

MK8AHAN$]LD5DS47C1






&YR!@
2(UG!A'6V

SD*V@Q!^C/R+[ 38J(* T



M1'X0TRGS3GR

Y<'L(W)B@;\8U01BC[$#^'<LIW(5(Y@0E)=0

))(:QO-@!ZBL






M _@4C9F5:1BHMLO_@6GC



@ ;
7F6OK%Y


MXC
F9*VJD9#7[)\B'=+G2]/V Y73C'475&A0*9)AW.0*IE@I@
_PTNF0IA



*LW?QN2)
#JOJWF/]5SL0]23X5-8#0D
_
M2 N3R*(D:.VHXE.J(HJ@7(^@^WDIJQP'2ND/\3/O/\M#(EUD?]AG43$B5C



E



MZ^Q%LOJ9'%O(K;EK_Q&)*GV)7
N\H2(+?V6K/&?NF? GM1D61')L/KM=KSR
MO97IA'+'L0#RVE=Q@6(YVX2BZ=!$039@IZ4+L4I9M*1ZXW;C_H$I5+R.L


V0.
M+K8I]IJP4E+




)Z15B_%BDQ6Y

L'-S[Z5
6YB6[UTEJ% #VBR%M3$04:G-

+.R%
MLQDG70K29C[89\.=FCZ8VGT/_F'O_S?MA#+NW?;_-]
*195%9M%2]G&XC^RI

^Q8'0 H^%+5HOY^JF5CS59HD!
-E\M
MT6LDW/YI13;0M1:/!8*P&7H['RH^N]XC
I
8OX $2@-5]6V#L_\:;%H5J( Y
M$-'&$M897D;


6(&*-X

%MR2UK



Z5




W06EKUNYU%9
MMBV]FYJ&6


MM'L)71?,H)-J7)*2,FR[722#F\A[W)8 ])


H2O4 =E7QV[0[&C6:+]^I)LYC/3PUUC?X;$*

MOU:T@P6&OL6F[FM/449?/.8
*8W\=2EZ? DYB*H65&8CF@?6%F(G)V%Y.NO7('04N21](#
&SBJ227Q&LI+@/N$TI#/U,[BZ@X4!

CFQ#B:.*@AT] 

MBWHHZ7W])4W^5=TR3E^*Z.F-=N=URB*][:A1WJ4%/


IY$ =8ZCP[$F:OIP+8(K7MZ4HE(U]5H'IF!B!6&&/YKWR

M!K6G.=Y)0.UITFB /&!U.6TM6M7FJ;R_9]_6@CK2%$ C7@YTZUU][8DO';K4

@*4(M

6UF0*
M'SEWGRBJ)
I^9:I'B 1%121OXF#&TV;Y:$PRVKQM(Z%%I.2ZTS@+4^548XWQ
M:S86^;))

H?Q5.T15
MCCF\ 1.B5YCBB&RU^7),; -I(0O68*D+%)A6_+9V^4_


E
&#_G9?E!O?92)H=.4+.$'9*A(K*UH=I

DTLJ1$Y-\ ]\@



M/KWGV0LL #D6-EK8ON]ADK.7MG(0%V







A53TURH8);)-9MQGK@=;(UHNG;2.2?KBC35=JR 3UV&1ZY!Y4[;@


M!D%2:
NR[LF.TFU8]ET;-DZBA20/%FRE,'VP@/98CDX:%*LD@P*F*2Y$


(%GR#._




M*BQV])!6$542
NU9);HE@6J2X
':\M%2/@#I]/9 U-H00]!YY])2&;O@#;
M\V:IE
9F[VF1&XMC51(UE?=)L\CD)6F;S
SC






UZ[D[E42:V!% -DQ-6P.-#*ZGGO74TBW)4\6%@





MCCMO:5NL;70*R
_M#7XVNB_CY^5A3SH]@ZN2=(D)V8Y;#6NX$#1Q+7;W
]
M[LKW\+UD= _V(YN$%N4:6,0Y1P5&B*.$ 3+=F?#ECEW1,L5,^Y( MI=]0*1
MK8K#K.I(U)UB#W&'$O)I3Q0%/6PC;V/_#'R26N_08-$?:F87E!!67R*!8/$

BL
-#XVTKHCUI3R[/A7:'G\/&ZS8;XQW'*:Q#@F/
M/FMMBL! ;&64Q!3&34P21YX\F1VG8HJ1RABX#H.7G:L2\]%UL^T
E;B4Q2*





MUQ


\_B-\N,D1T#*?!6_I]T?24H3+^_C9577JE8W9K5JPMG_B&W





M .)L!DLW\#!T^#23#&3&7M;D/#E.UUK7=
EL9-D!&22_VG'BKIPU(B_WFZ7B
M 99F-L

M%*= V9I!(*Q8ZJ-/?M@O
+*;H=\RI[N92:\#3T01K[DO7^:8?/JU1YLDJH)9
M9Z
TW@FVOV

LD#%7L;X3TR

&RE?!89XNMFDD@IDS#@






V0;XJ-

5MV+
MIY%.#\M@QGXKR6UNK(-Q+)C[IBI&;FQ1@&Z^A]XI##Y


-;7O__W?_TMN2/CAA\)V^BC%_)A,ISD
M)D%F^/%SWYZ-QXBP_VK\?O=\!UL=^$+(



Y-\D.!&5X



0+LHI6*]*BTP
M375 [E8!3/$750_P



MQ96RX..=3Y3V@0!KY4H8&O%F)\EO@AUME)Z6H@ZRGHSE2I^2O2WSQ&P(AL]G
MC@@VDFE4L


K/.#LD9$PF/&WQS8\@1D
M[[.3FY^V4Z1YLT^\7+.A[:POU%.$$K6



M7'B09*Y
99SN.(G:]
:(PSY




MF*+^4M*::F/-
E=])SX'2].*
M/Q]^[/YH3\,Y_ F+,L$$/_\*G=/F,N ?XC^V(J_20?G)7]@.8?B_O2N5GO'

M?E9/R'XE#H'$-WNGD=&PL(WQ




M3:&B( SOF_C






Y61



P&:^MQ#?
M9


MTD;XP9^C;Q8/!D^FS[[-\X] 6.R#)87A,%3)-J]\CE0IE;-FR[(5-?L9FW:
MS PS[(%MS[:X3QF2
F!0@@ECX#'3?F

M+V*VFX0^M$6!1Y?AT]6@R!#M@!N88_P23








MZ@EQ

MGWTO-AG%=CSFJU\'EV*W[0D8CKT86AHJQSWDJ9=.\9(Z)6)3P0'@@/J89H

M&XFV0C(FB;;#[;9&\W1E4

7L*7\!PKWJC5K_:Z/7;H^Z@


B.)&HC(
KI4L

V0:
M
SP:$LJQJ




MVV





^LI


%OV/#7'$ON@9^=6W\=(MO"KL<6Y;
M\[@I-(L//M;F%\YXPD_8/M8

V3F;
:M4/8
7N  \/1PZ?F9

G*F;&K#*WTV\[T%/-X+
D
\
MM
OT.L

ZUY]__

MU(?#8;/;K/5'X^Z@
:@.!MU1&_XO?JQC3KBCP+?OGO_?F3CKPX%WFZ'GOV
_



/?<<
YY&

MZAF/VOTQ:$80_6.P7[N=1K]3AT48[AK/OGN.&0^HH6&CUFH;G7:C.02@]*J



M5*T9N\:S[YZCQC

QK547_0'?2
M+MIZ7:/=-WK]G7C?=\\QX^E7&]6A
0 IVP
NZ-4ZW5$''@ZOJ55'\



M8[P3[_ON.6H\XQXHPF&KTVRVFZUVM=MN57OUN@&:N]X8#';J]WWW'#


M&D^W41]6J^W1 *U.4

MEJGV@2=!GC3;U7YSIWVX[YZCQC

MSL$8U?O#QBZQ\C83/
@]EYV@
1P;P]:PWP5=TH7-BPI6Z/.D:U!M/L[[ C

MA[D&2_C! ]RM9?1V#[(=U_*%3SD,*
*WC0Z4(95_@XXHR3O@\X\RZL&#






F_)9=&VZ[_]

0DF.


-L@\D4!$4SW\@&

M0OL!\XX\GP'I ^9- NX_8)X:/&X9P1-L%];AP70BN7X+;\J=H**X&!-\K
CW
MN1OBA?!T6$@_23&*LWFF

X ;HL?B^
M8PET_%\LO-G^$=[[Z*[E0YD3+U*94)EO%Z;_E8=L:6*VH[TT
=_I420R10&^





$@64.?A[8ON #XWN4S6XHC'.94Y#G&.87)
-1E



0GHJ)+
5'AY

1X]WW9@F9 $NLAP  82<RO?]V8^R!F
*3

MK8W

MI0:%SYK(

MUT 6$
K5NY#QSZ7VSP\R_%;(






M[.:=^R% G_V)



++W*AG[

'HD\G?21C1Z]&14E3'0I0T@X7C#RPD*%M@F\02Z@C78!Z
M@'?*M5G]5BU:MJAFZ85


M%4R10J7+T:KK'R@KH(:M4N2\ G9;G:N(.II.85)?CZZHCEGY*PT#6$?N2+A2



MA

;*7P 0P/X(XA\K2X8;BL*_[.!/)N%T


VJ\E)QOO(R@



(9RMW2
#8AU-A^^:9K-.31CDDOPMJ+ILYBV@[(NFX=O&G+.5C%M
MY.*8

M!*C3:'I!RYS_R 


MWC:;V45*X+W*





MC:*=

M8VE%K.1Z)7!H$KH[8BL8RV[RFDHSM



GN _!-=/S

M)

@7!S/E

MNFO8(

D9?A9^+P#5ULVX3] S!)3%Y





M:.C6F5U+DE7%_YQ
3W-1-2Z_95#Q4EP@Z/92;
S




M4*Q3[;7#8\++I++1LZ5&ZS@
M#&X$\
'PY48H+:EF\49GFF+H+JN.\.RSJ6FO+P5L)!:+L P[RX=LI5?A]I&O

P%+[!'OS'!
Q-2'B\CCA/T9=&Q#[+?WRS_[:_OIBD&^!E



IG#*.BI'7<&(0+4M_XGY48C 8M^GPP1++J_<J)P##DP:K

M;;A6T_?C


MA(]I(:U6N/&'5T-'F*@J9AN*87?



NL=8QV?_

M@*T&HU9=WT41TO&]! &O@
&&SGTI9E3J.5I+4UG_CXC-D&L.HE\(PGIF:;^I
MBEX*ZQMCOG5\[CJ%MQ4+=R_MT@K).N/VFPJ:686TG45%)CLOFBV K.OD?E
]
MEA9A;=[2^

MWJL
ZE92&2OZY_E= 5M-Y&'3$XE=)+GQJ?T6


TNX?[MF&&M0ILXZ=7


'/S0M8PAHUT#RBJ V7A;Y#G/A'863'%]\


-0O#.0ZR0;%&



6@BT32=4J#?CV^L7M+I Y4['B=3^GZG
MK1$+S3/O*6P5P6!

T^F.IX&


(R


 
8*C6_CR

\

I*M.#;\&B(_ GA
M%[IJ6VH_#Q#S?*V[H
#DB0B#\^E



\40]P






O




M_$U

M=_=/XGXB(CSIO\[ ^G-ST0DJ\QX$=C#XV$HS/8*NM)=*;M_ HCSK^6A_
U
M\N:WB-.RS'LRIQ70U\B=2S(OTW0%*[*FU5-;*X$T//X(6-_&_ 0O#4E67386






(*^B(T3WA8[PIA\63--;2T475P5O=:8
M
Q)_?
MA

^*2R
\78D;_K)^*
M:/ZT=GU.5H

 Q:+N.3G._887/%Y&(7B4

MHAJ
I4]IH+! WKE2$4Y@


MG+GP%R7ZBFIGNN


[=4L2 BH3F(G)U9






9CS.=&
M






PYL.8T4[V8T%=M#
VRJ_X5/CQLF

EZ?L

68[XY%)RT PSR/CE

MY8NJ6^S\4='@7IR0T#

C Q-S Y
S!?8V%L+GAM
M;.U]6W
;.;+F^_D5O;W/F




MGW^*

M51WM

M?_JZF/S[PE_&*_M^[NVR:?MRN;S^]U]^^?+ERU^^NGKZEWE]\0O%F/UR5^K9




K/US5L[J?^WG:[B67JQ6
3EFMHZ!BCR?F+=

@^-T


K!\SV@JL^6R\BK=75%73S6?HM+M=T_CU. PR'CW;:'4B'


MMUZT!


#

LG[

MU?;I(JTE/TQ[)2521 PCXKWMO+V_;(^4SA:@&X6



M(9X/1O4QE17BY;R&9K^^N[JV?GFO\_P]AHMX7W#K^[/9[H6Z#Y$
3--))'MW

G@-7U+;%!Z/W
M_FCPX9N7=C'QC9O(=-6

M:;N'3M



K:B;U-T=[H/
^.9^M[DTV[Y_/%
MLH[+R=K6N%TC]U!\66%:0=E8&6SKO4IW)]J_7%=+J)30!3T*::\ZF=K;';

&XG+8]C[1<6$I_CW:ZO'QEZY@A\ DTXI5VU[GV)9M%.;\U]44
M5$1H;'X#GV1D]\GSWMH+<WO@5DW2@OS=O1*_]SUI#YE-#1QI66=H?S'9'FY




M7MYD1#5^J/^]FERWN&RXM]SP%+84?


W9NF7MX\N
E^&PJXW7#H4N4P?!TX











\U71D1/M: H).U0P(PA

;1:=_CD+E-H')3:(S

D

020ZCP*G

ML$R[@)AES!''#?^^.$B_APN(^FU4J/F-DC'#F#??E(99H%\&Q%5Q(1I4/:

M# J@(SA S[K )254:W







M
^JL252DU.$ C[ _1]/(NN]['$Q/3BHE;9/G:@LX1(25$P%(3/DP
=-QJ$


#SU
MZR#H



SZ<3_RBZULG).;C 
W@\
M]5%/0]86/:_V^F

F5

8X%L@)6 J=T(H)(7UH

M-;$

4)49*4$XS#VMIJ
W-@CMY.9I

M_

M.'9-[?@.GY]@*56XSMN/M@OOX*Z64_L]' L/5NXEI+&0E!BC&


T#F E2(,(19LXA
41:N-Y4ZBDB&P) UH
Y$+XS5SL9.EQ.*Z/!?T_
M[2S^$0-WOJH'G'(?UEYQ3;VW7 OI4).(RLD [)%V


!7#?1C@]T8(?W![K;RBJIB0;]T2+&464H)$!(-(&QF)IP%+-GX/


PEW2')79
MP1@7YHZ7[
@0]^DRUM%F@[8[XN[KJI+#
3F8_+ES
/DKZ K*8& &;9
FP1
J


M$+*Y!A


?EYK

M8X*A


J.RX

2-!I1 33
MGC(742!

H\IP#2PR0@[[.K5HH4
M11

^XI61(!IYS!&+M^H)RHXI+#1R$4.KY0Q7)PPYO)V
MGO


\*C$\H@%B-!'&N/F$DPD4J::&+*Q2Z6
M;?%D#/VC9P )%M5?#D7


MQ9%!L=*K[$JAI$7LN=@LJ-4A86.F$2.G+$$20IL4I,$(DYX95S1MBQGT(/
-[VT7-83MUIF3??3/*
?6 .Q RD7[V;+6
?%KJFG



M

M$\0B!7
;(C: PA\8R


M

^+\FLL5*NOU=I2U76$J'F*0::9WS9QK0
'

MAXMF1Z$4VV6VB\OF\&UQF:V#SW;:['XN7]FZOH&AUR2BV[7?W*9\A56P)#B.
MJ



 $QS!&-@B!/(F!:N-U4J


=#DU+*E:




MLW0HN@ZMJ_+6

M7TFLP@&[CK20:-UK-^$0V:S'=54)C#A#:$PYFA VB2%8G0,:4(MV.$DNZ^

MJ#'9?Q*&-'*!YTCTH&=8&JSD5(/QU
]&[0GFLLZ]_RBZ[Z/87:]FZQ6.43
MI/T
K $.<YB]8YYH3@@(/@4IO;1AI0Z^#J<=/]C

!0U8222-H
@+)Q#)&FI



2):A+&RJ19URCG'T(_H1IU.$8.^P3WC2<[&^
M
!UIZ255(B8.(4



MY)BW4AE%6+L8P&


MJ0A+LZ VHJ@$MS(QWBE$WO:)TP^)H&ZB//U
M


VF0;PEO[E=N?7XR)7ND(HK



P$3XB2B1&



D'L=:S QESDDTS]6=CI)

M&:!&P]@^0
M Q XE)C' 
E*P#BSM,6 6.(-.G*TS3?F;3[6=+:QONGH6FK\V
M'=\7@H]OL&*Q!@#Z/1&*Z1UY

D)KY




M%:2DO(

I5Q($OK'
R(.J=7(1B98 +R

@;

MBR3G+B^F%GD&(X]00I*QB2KU'2PUO9T

I=
\BAR5=WCQS

ET


M.W3'9+:[8.4E
T1%C3 C 3%

M-RJ 
1

MG

::/B:@S/ZY5G*-_;?3N=?FHLZ]P6WOC^;[?8
'!U+;^VD_M]V


M

4
12HXLM03




A:JA$P'1&S0JT9MDD:V26+S;!;/:=$
MTRB/19+Z^Q_3U)Q2W'VUGP6/&W+5\8E;(C,!YM:(B44\ 5UW4WI-K+Q.L6
M6\ &E.?0$'DP2W9%S(/JJN03E)21#45B#.?4!1&;A@6-H% 1KUX#=.UQXG








M*L.LY-Y&1!6Q2$3ID/::(6%#
LEP0G@K_XQA.6EFIQ;L--_EU92,TV1,[R




M$3%








M%9(V2DP-8YBU.HP9HVXT*!I/(/G2Z]N':.'] E:WUY
$W


EIDB'@EC

:4AK?.K:]6&ZZ]JZKO_GX8#$=5'M%C2$FY'UZ:AF2



MF!01

XTB$0+Y*$'WC0S6%NV\EQVNY_




M6:]8P%)YKCKLZ8L?8?(K(-
Q37B-5^V+\%^K==Z\KC/;P^JJB)5
WE*D! E(




PD&D

#SU*L+3
MP:G]

M5=M3244U=8DZC#37(8?'(3FZFH(?7


'T&Q#Q/E\L:SC<K*.!GA[_WD
-+SP2T -
M?/




[L
MU!4_Q^GOH+#5?UQ._.5=I.W%'['.%^MB?96E]&YV]^;ODU@#@Y=[ D\7U5KO


%/UAF2#F)_JURE
MC0W
)H&LL@998!6Q&#!






N9#O!8%]





M\&
G@ZT#NC5WOR\FLXN/$]!VTL3;V?)1?N7Q\P^]UC#WN#OOSFS?KC*Q3;3%
M$?K@;5.W1MY!D^[CXF W:LF
(4CGRWS2 B'&2(N

M GA4NH))DQ(B..)8QNS] /S;Z%DDIB(=7I@^?'R52FKCV]=Z'H0Y*GTW?N

M(BVB1
RI=I3\T4 &5O'/L;87^4;JZNJZ6?3*K-?[+GP5;O;4B_JSA.W.4KRK
M6$4








M7K_T
LJGO_JPRGV^NDO?A/;AC_@SFVW2^:*%+.?U/X3$'U;98GXW7Z:K!Y_.

M!SC1S3;+L* WRS#9W0S_[+(7@Q]_2%=;=Y?Z^UZOLS6:Y/??0G=L*K+M\^
M%K;N[N@YO?7[[+-XSC_EBUFX7/XE[:$^F





:


Y\./)$_DR_/4JBUOIFNM#]R_J#H/\[FZ^*5X1
MB&/RXM79LH954*/E$*.L]6W4;M_'B/UVLUUE'[:KJ]MTG3WY14WRG-]3'U+\


NIK_'I(YV^]]?T

TEYK$FGXZIE)GS_8(=C6
V_%E+Z^3*LE/-T\689
M*5Q



O

M17]6G/-KDG^0=P^&U-?PUOB%[ )$/\5!G1$_UU7W0\D;_4W[0=30RV_+_
LZ
M6WV-0KQ9WF\WX==YL



M]/:AT;J+5S&*+_O16GBS/!@ZV2E.S=\[


E3BI ^%&-TW^Z#
M51'W*3K[D
YK'DD.\.:!4?I;EBXVMR9=99$GX-%/(O&;:=S;,UW#SYK]M%
M




UT/)62Q,\ZOB.L\V(F Q_L<2K+BU^_/






M)1CB%7Y4:781G&AO@W8/U10H\B[;?%]MY4RB/.LC80938R&Q#E)E7?@R3(6O


M:(T&)%CTU@L'=(4^(4;\
)ZPVMJOZ0D[#[@?P[MA-0D;/R^
Q!!QC$18N4N9
MO7+R

M%J
8=Q=


MG)ZI??#]9$\+'U,.QD8H*10T%?8$\Z:[_?8GY;A78$]M&.AAN\@ 0(R)AST
MSFD, 1!,ZE(P#QO3!=^471IB


MN0;:5Y.!(:+%Q9K+.)R;#+27.
^^RY=74SR3XXC 8 :S2GP2 $!!8:5+0P

MP
[@ODBR9X/9

M#MV0EPF.7EGLAP0'KS#V#^6D[S

M

3+H
MGJ.KYU83^1'.0\;


I

NJ[;'?;_6_98N;SU:=T








E#
MH_X2:0@1$OA# ZH*&/#S++#!D@YP=)]/QA_&^MB@CQMDM*SB^X3Y'%0$(:&
M624TH5J*:D6SGMKI'43\8SN2C43)'5QXO(L0V\W;/Z^WX0)+(4(MG+ B4IN
MI ?5!& @:'XNW%LF@1^
QJUU








AHKZ+2-OM::.\V$5CC]F)R8I'$W'2I
M@@(GLSZ^^GSBE0+4A^55V^=E:LBZ5L6.()6H
=Z.FXYALA
Y36W^7+519K
MG\R7-VKVG]OU)GJI3A@*AQLERDOF VX.XK C\E) 2DLIE=?-
W6='PP\35NA
M

3O@=1?5GA+W[:1D

M




22R%;


M#Z'G1=!R-IM7'7W
8V
;FA.EJU=@3SB1B\



8LK'#G;.*
G











MGT^?2XSB 0D6\P4!9;%$K KA4E;;(=
_#ZG/%A@

MI&7 $D8AQAKCTAFAB%7-)^'S[W^/9C9U!







M#6;$
%60IDEQ0J
M Y&3\;A;^\I
%VU.BCI/4MD;'3I#9^C]Y9N[^S#VQSM;ZV

7

MN!0&= G0G@S3R75:_/GP?)QC)P7=%X4L=^HQJ^EUV+)%IU]1#CR6&EA'ZWP=
M:^


A[AZ#%_NU^N]FNLK+4QY-?#(S^+IBKN&/QY

MBXA

M==C%,4] -:&4U?+VNM'WOUZ\)H$AS(DG]$ZL1@1SUVP833RG@:UO-2=B%\



ML:I[RS_5O:K[0FMXM]C!\9]YTOFB=4*]DI:%S:2/!A.F!D!2S5W.N\8LZ?P.

PB4

$:.?-)4
*6 I9AIQ @#C



&'LSI/I&*04B0(!AHKB8SD;+\?;Q..V/F]BQ$H





IF

ZEVNJN$NECPA 

MT *)+)%

M DJ=#E^

X)+8SV^UD7BN9S3&]Q



MPK(+D.:,TF=L[247G3/


;/
P\5XJ

M\$)5=PK1JRKUB#5(KU/+S5^IC^U

&^#I9'M6^B+5+2]U*9:'(T.Q_1.LQBK;
MHM=$
*
1$3QLN)1$# C*^7[N?UE\_@RJ]5+U:')4:XCC=/C6EEE1=@T\(IIX




I)(P$/[]

M^C;4[R&:M 1FL /S)\












I0^O]KGL_^F._/

&$





QQG$TDXH A?OY)ET412N?U(\YQH=:'23!9M<(4&@1=0(Y)T4



R4+!6N08[\TC


:R_&V

T: 2BK!)QAC/A&&M
9R*(;\.E_FJP*E1\F/\./E


MDUI*KVMYU7N6[
P
ALXX#+W P'F!)(+*$UM*Q)0=LM37N1D

M_SP9#(FGT@CFE&.*(8^
? *

M.0NY=130
@I=2PL4O-0

8!HF\


!TNE-/T0H24PHQ'@S7J]/4_YCRT2;@RQ#D
()#




F_G7

E

.E




+-L'[




MC6^E#ZCW

MTH%05#&E@%


M6KN$

MVBZA@!@0RWE0A64\18*T6DJY$\US(O1WLM9.9_4*23=9R@FO*Q:?)(KS=(


1#@ RA1F





,/MT*.)YIX!IX$7P684$'N/JD%J!EK4
MN^G+.&^/=]XI)@T5]V]YD/]=OIE?9?M!N%G<3ZQ_#?O9],%F_Q&7JCNPUD*



A^+D,#Y.AHF1TG0_XL3(J6U'!+K-4B;( 5)6 5+3(7]7;46GG)H<
MPD
O^

MGDY@M7\J@98I)KP



'$




P0[\

M+(;^(0Y[
[^^/F-R^+YM8CW@81:$G!N#K8;*ZVI25(8V#U[N+7:Y_XFA-4P-

1P=TJ]F78?F^
M33I@^)FP84U;GCI/?.WYN (2B03#!B/C+4ZQ(0#7F+VZC]GBWVHO3OBJJT




M.N P@ 9#)R3WE3.)03C!*]WM]=%8_(;Z


Z2(


91@\'^B[].YT!M5#31()I?1.





M
31!&]R5XG/1(D-];V=U0\]9G0+8'W^^HWHW]#G:;:*P46&-QYQY#1T4D6G
M\^[CD:BYU=1;MIJAV=,E?DW)DV]7Q:SY?OEDQOQNI)^R^TTQJN=&7AT:=?:
MQ!HM,+(*6)]^!-[(BM .&@^'?66WZ9;0HV%9$M3ZO'-SY?DNI]$+66%=7)


M]BJ%9Z\F [M\64*%%PIAC#P$R!E/%*Q6S;)%F?OL]]

OPVH^!8E
RS;^5


Y?A].\.






M_6
;#)/? I[KY_3

-D]O-Y C

9$5/QVK
5%



&
B.%XCX*GG


MAJ3@R*-@GVM3BY5#R-@DP2  !A0U)8E#$
C V!@X_2B;PF[(HFJ-$@S6UDV-


:XQD.7!'S 0+#72BU
Z1




M2 1=QIZR#VHT%XR/K0HZW[K6$91]GMJC%I$;
F6NBI0=((2H&OC&/!C9_V
M M]&977+
%@SO410(4NK!<^"?H!
MVNNQRT(#Y^'7]-#F$K/!\B<@T18!*Q#GHLJ @KAR=^S;4FK

M5=Z(


_0%YVXIT36%+D*694.F)HY5D2 C=WK@R?


!!T^1-PBSFL$V

M*O:7 



6!5NDE!\\
6&7Y.D
L

SG<M(CX'3W38

*2?22FVU0\XHB7UEC!&-+BG5







2$
.

M

O=J]6LZS5
A%



VPQ8
 I &@)CP
MKL#V7LFMH9H/TJ4U.
/9&^6032#C*KVJ



MHI_



M9)VRD=6IXEN@
HB?_9@7^EVZ6A6_O'R/





CKG_[.!E=HR$XU^S4A$(JI;@)J &$L)?*\7RE6A%[
M?7I%?2'6\6XVP^L],^1JU(AQB3&2OI ]/F;SQ?:Y<OS:F1&)LM(@@['SBD,+
M)*  Y.N#_NI<WY7%=2)AO#T\UQW$:@DSA/D@IZ$
3?:V0([#UWSU(MQHL.;
M4J%+D(8BQ

MYZ/HD=UA
S('2K6$B^


MF:0J.3UJC*5*;K:?[K[

MU

M%K$3.P:%)\/4RU

MU_JC03H5LA9A2+'@OKJ]W3WNEC$JYY/Y\&&US?H@;--?F7@DB-)(4A##O@%G




.
74^
6%/-KSMLKCO^![#PO01;

M


MZ+6H4(Z\]6IZ;.CG^K

ME
=( :=(I=UN:H$*EG#BO QK\(903



M6 :^%7XUV:J7PC\
282B4EL?TR*AY!(P@_
3A R@MFJ7  AT5!#4F^+LG4D-&+]2[_6X@H



MT%)$K=8*
XC!#E.3Y^< !T[Q#



%T


MLKWM:'+O!)K!8CYN']+Y;IE^NCNY+WY-_][J\)O_O!004O$53)(&DR1!H#:
MH*0QXVR.  %3M(6[O #H::)$4_0#^LEW^TUUQC7B3KN^R]6/X2]H!H^K_

M6CU;1O^/*3I5JWF:C[?3W.V#'..%VZ[=1KTSL,9LM?UMGN*8CB=KF;1S]

TE8227 81N2&/LXJ7Z)'EY.7IW(C*;]$U]

M5DCX;?;&A$F.*'&$4J(!D6&3]['1R@'I^T%GAJ)WMX^#J4_R;O6YPFZ8_^

M.

*'U[-^+\
'
?TO_7MQF%Z5?

:4N4E^5P9Z'W''NF





1SJS#DX3]2





MQ;4'XZ:Y1DUK2_==:=2MH1Z'0-6B9\\

I7BR%



M4C.CE690$$0U484R#[R^KO3Z9E*LU2BQ&5[OFR.35$2F1XVQ[D;;]%G$2A
6
M0X2D=]X0+ZRA^9HT8H-ZY;KHJ5=91J5]%NLA


.08XQ]Y:S/4QM@ T;\@]4C?.IBSI$[6F
M!2EV\7=E=WE



@'$0*&


&\0187HGF/:^LK$/!
_;RK?<S1I<Q@



(@^I_?[Z^M#1LH)J9Y[-!%26D^ETU0JRARW


9N9Y[
M/



;3;KO9SE;QMOJR67IA8,*!E<Y@*GS0
M%104!BB:KT]9WB)H'4Q<SIV#TZ?P_YDNE_]KE?VU^I+.-MDJG7_8;'8G_8:E
M8Q*%3:(DV1,H&

M)A + CPD

M+@U)
/+!
N=4$D(A
UQY5QQ*')
6SN*INY\ZA*5/4=_L_E@N;OTRFVTORO?5




M\
0S8#61EC(


E@PFHF(336Y,# QP?,D2T4AS@V/RH'$=8#]AK2

MT$I8HK37% 6
H?4Y'-.-^ I4:

P*O^YI@

"ODZ()E '
XXK3G&^*N-:%#D=
M


M


^7RM#+LA;X4N=K]K*:FW@3J=(3+M
&BX+?SCH^\4.BO;0JM-=L!-%[(< T3X$I


M9I(KR3$RCC
=_OBR*LA1\ZB@0=NJMI=R


U



6]5K+;ER)K3Z7UR
M8I+*WG2H, D*E%=;/?5\ BU4D(4%HG#^.:R0BF7F7]9FP: =,HV9VLOI\N2
M;X3
4%+_-5O=;]/UHTW_J*(-G'H\



MA-K#
EAM@##!#ZO-=KW;)_Q=/NI_?#@1@$'(

(_1*_3G.#4F
PA! !K2S1D&J+;%QDB+33MH[Z-RY*OS5[Y$+



M6%)'H4(VV:MQX8)
RK.2'ZPZCAE_YJ(O\(FXQ;;1?;0U+9!4E7&Y@ A+
MG'
3NNYN7
B4N



+/QA4S6]R.J] UOVY
A!HPZ5PGUK.YS2B
M&EU5W]4@/:[I:Z9?Y:I?VF*Z^04)!DHAK+&F*#:Q%E:3PGR.;2*;^YPZKVS6


T*.9IJ:5;=7BBO-%:2P*L$-H) X H


NA.VF:W7S^'

MF[TH\=@A85%TU5)/O7;

M?A^7&?8RAPDM(O&)


P 1YVS


:2NQTL6W&F.PA)5LQ4[P3&62]X--0

MY1EFR


MQ)YL&KA/^L;PPRIL?VEA5.G9


M)-(YQ6@A


HVM*8:#\J#T N/54XFT7@ C+)04








M4L#$4W8ZD6(U9K3ZWUS9)(:^?2HT8D^^&6VLHOT/OM.R\GR3-7+=:,K#$V\
M;JL#W8*@U8I%G95AHNK

2=Y


MKI.V1G

9^NR;FAE0Q.*A10L
MK!*H\ DH0B0[7NHCU2)0Z-T7B^X8V_'8E$^Z2C#ZQ:&)E]AH$#X9:X/+#%7











BR*3;E9OT WPQ/
HE:.Z1NIK0] YTGNX 'G4O^G$9






ACA =7K-_A58E3?W5







MUK%J^#8-

[2
8DGFF- K/#$&N00-$#DT[;23S#+K#]!=XW6




06R)(LQJHW. I.7- [I[OCQH+?W!.H0



Y[D)





DJ(=A:$/QJM\]@?)PVHUIUO6)NE#SYTC=/07*E A21





5EH4IU!1S[0I4O
+-#9W^BOD/)/=V2$U PRR[\R\;FIAP

M4\4%QE01*KFSS)%@\E
C*AVB@!


M2((@H0BA !03# 


&^T,IT<TS 7ISY'8N\RZ

MTZ-'75J
-_RP0P/!B?9A+0Q+IN?+!:K*:620@%L#8
M?-(H(#4]6Z S
62]0#2X=^!MD>_Y;F_(;/[W;K9

PELI@Z52.5OB^FG=7[YQ0 [BP!\5R9.9]9U*?N'VK3K5S

M-A\ZQ[S:0G
?4BFE&KTUT=)++B$U#$G3%6N1RG\//F=?PZ#WH:C&%# #D4



!P@



MDBCJ#0=:(.:I)^&C@Q+F*W08BFE'\+41V47IMT;H/7)ADE%Z4Z! )W%YG].G

U$PHNT$RU2V

MUBDF@TEYMXD:S6;?


M^CFX


MS%1S;;!^ L5D-(/N\!J9%Q4K4YT9ETAD4$2&_#MP2E



+%F/3


LJ0Q




MPFDJB


(P


M$.7T@$0+39V'

7I?5K%4-]/=P?S



YDUU!]!@86+O]/Y(5C![U87<B$O#TB

M&@YBQJR%-E^=92W$WUNJ7/?B[P2:H01_B!ZI)O
?GDT@4


VG:MOZ7IVG[X):JIG:Y:\*Z%A2_.0B* P:4LL
M5886EC?B+6K;]-ALI\\0F;X1'(]5QQXEUBY8@TWP=/K0?O+\5;-7MAHBP4

M
!


X)%PRE:\((]7<N]:;4=N?P%N
U)X_^SO!DKF=Z
2


SI&X6R/?CDO Q *\L=$1:@Z6C
MU

M442D-




M6NL=N)??E5 ..6):

$R\2FLD
M1K1( 1PEXKJR=%M%7-?#[(HBKIM?7SCB


!S2PS=!O:(7

V(RK$0DDV\.'_7 C_'
-E5*(9$ J'_18;%C/SAMJ+A/T9!PI/G1C/



M%+LL5*Y/3_'OI41I_M+$

V@53Q\?]X$Y=X!
MOF;;V?(0B;0X$5]TL7U.I;&)IH!A+I3QQAFKA(WAJ2_+P$@UOPT8H5YU71;T
MA5)#89OL\3%;F6RY3&^WBV_IU_5NL]W
MA]?VJZ_&'P71%[C#0D
UKU'!!OE
+;+ZX??EG$\;$



Z1MW5G+$



MA8@C$4NE4@(1LD059R+5UU2;N++PZB;WU\-H*%:
7YN82*2HD

M%#.4Z

8S)JW


M]9:^
!&4 :DXT$Q:Z6

[5\CFZM4_+U0J1/@)I./XS;;Q6/,F_&[
MH&F^3IGS_LO(E<?OV8ZO9DMYC]'*HTWC @C3.48]CZ]/]52/36D@C*@5@
MO:M4&D@

J?,U
MR(G7@^U




MV#B](VE52Z6I!\_UI-)8!!4$TGD

MSEZ7%[*^V*KF4#1#Z3WRX1J4P]%H

 ![.U
*9AM $
M2YJV%U[M/IFU
/IY4FF48

Z'K[[W!XX]F4HG

M&*4)D

U]\S_^Z6FZ^QH7)-WIS

M$
2Y1$0I;YRT#FA2KP127&RSTALBX,Q99*%[Y\*3XM]929 V&8HA101)J !
M KF]0 Q@V)($;YQ(CV@109


MVN.8*


M'=K


XE4G4U)ZD=W1



\[


EN73;#5\J_RHX821RD6

%?383C9:A+&MRGF?VS+







MG/UH)L^GSV4&0$2-JJ'P5(3 SBH;'O&8AWF V7--^'/#M@
$V5E3YKQTMN
-P^S4XDZ;BERQ5IJ%(U]KQGGE$PLY
::&^DI\X=1


LU@!I
M  5!3#A8C4L)'A]#-U'5^
9R:N#H:X?-6#+OZ[X [R4VQ!FFJ0DC(TK(ZF2/

MIA'_H+7CRVKH6%&M $?6&0+!XV&:DPD69NXNO-:UXUMA-!8KIJ\=+R766GD=


M%@?6-=
C2:LV

M-!DM.M7


MD$2D#D]AUB%Y 8I&C#![K9_7#L.Q5I
PG)M\N=F75OHX7_]3/X0=^.;K_:SX
MYQEEY%S3H.-[XC3FF@%N@%%4\RKG/
Q$'G]Z+JY!)^D9OND(4W7Z[!YTKFFF
4(E6G5@0H57PI^<$4E_YDN)H
MP0G5E@;NF1.M
JT4
X@1+@A@7F%@564U
 QU_/T3\DJ5E4CD)F-(HR/X$ZVR
M
#8BA?3:.T*P$D23QYD@+;HX[:2]!
^QHC-:U\N.2]%$)B5%+_K':[6%GW7I
MI+K1N'UF&#.22N*]T++

HV_*PLH)



(E$B=4[B


M+WW:_O$_H9^;U8=9Z.9L\2G?;!9/TIYFR]NW\R_YFV7 :;:\R3_FN[D2=RH5
M^;&
.@*D1P9 X363!A+@ZG

^6/A]#%


M0



9JQ32VTEBL

MT1932.K+43ERM
/=W1?F*!@6N.G]YGZ[?BX0TK 3VF%/;C1&[\]8UHC14F
MRA-



'GB27)AQ_L#H#46+U[DMK5?59J^(K/(6N\!%@*'^:D;#V6E!#XMU!
MZ
(.XP=&[I$[__]_/ 

M=F[SS6R^6/\\W+![YV7S;]-L0F_0H=6&_!K=#+*VR@]!Q+YB#20366W%*.
MA4 
-'(L##/^5G483N#0KIY#F$^0(*TL

P6BZZ+
M16/IKL;#;+=BE(.^W?Q_Y7ORV__S;YMBFS_^
BQ
89ZYO:'_?_YMG=_MCUXN

1#- #.(JA


Y;PNU_0'(QVHS!F5&+!
M#;


M

M@9Y0Z

Q-N_RS5\5NNWJ_4Z
M7^O\RZK(/\]^M(IJB?],AKT&CCF@8%C\F55A!WA$$M+X0F$31S3'AGU,&[J
M-/U0S%?%I[SX/K_9I2J9(K^=;X9D[)DO9IABK#V'Y6)@F/6 
5]O#E1V2 #Y





@#':(T(81
1148T9



MO:U)3X0A%Z4PMA9;TW#+.)2ND0^7H!Q.1H/KY,T!EE-47D%J&=6(I)O9YB

MR OFK0RZ'
1


)T38L5DAY@0CGE4P@
5.<N




M%?/\7#AFB[=D5%H/G176 X$E=IYI4.'@G+F26JFQ6M%P2([F9'O9V[/[U-$V

W;7R9


MA1(#*


MF@DIJ \:C'&8D@U ])6*'(XV

3^


M06

%_-K!


1)9
M.N W88I%&;D==


M951(#TC0 FK((;^H4\K^A!U;KJ85F.E5#VFOD+_RDDP# H3PQ&O$M8*$*EZ'


-1.O*/OP_G=^J[WDQN\N#]+;WNYK3OTBE*Z41
MWR$WD





9XYXQ0%S#UB!HV[N$I7C:75

#]N$





F.J4#'-[PSE%'K^^E;@?W_*;37[[
M=K6\^YP7]U5&84R*9Z^?SIABV$I
87E[!J%**%F;CD*+^.(((^93I:4V] KX
^.G6X^M&.U=PZ=<QPMG'F

MLL31#@7GPU0=

M/
:*F HLYLD%7



CM?E/'696KLV_+\X.MJ<?OF_ENQ^K[3
M;=9'1=FB=08A4DI( (P)^ZN1JG2N'O0[ZV2WITA9#P<8F/-[;_.;KX&I;UX

M0'-7Y.OCVT*39IG6+MC[#F''RP \$H8LJY$RUB%29+#Z0$/.^AZAFMPB^$MQ
MN@#ZZ889*



R:
M]J\Z?'N%?C4$)DD[=O^VW*ZWL\7[XLWR2Q%6R_#=$K


Z(37=7


M9*7^N;/ 3Y[)-VF:48M!L










KSV?
 TQ=
MT&
%!Y0(+#FHIX20




)E1R30G%%3Z:4I.V&I0:B9X;SZ
*Y3=YG^.4I-[VBW*V%T7QW:[2
MQB:?+ZMXFI
ZXK''

MS?VWV;PH)Y3Y.BON\E.:WNL-
@\-XE(IX



MX0+;?#]O_Y(



MV7J]*LNZYK=_SC=?P^_-[B3E+K!Y_NKY09OFF686$$258XB'%90RC&J#64@1



9%L81-(I(K!B!A5)L[M
M1T452SRROP=I/;]KHR^(KH4 27J


S1VT4T+V[2Z8C'!%+6;:2LJY(7&FKH.3 
8 PY


82])Z%9^3[^% FE)&6&XD

M&&=(:V5 

-!1?

MNR$[RJQAX8DXC*Z/TEZ)-.@0_Q@/W7'O%0*0LIMM0I++35EJJZV\2
ZF/N

MAB/IK/?:$&$%+5
H#JC:#D5K!XNB&(8E0Z)V?7EI-IAC# &#
=1$ 5TZ4:KQ



I '
\ABR\KK@P_=1EK;Q/7_
M& $T=E&TPV:2V?RS[M1FQW_9











MBGS#R#$9-#3D$'3


M8P$TCGQKA\WE1[XIY9 2P#FE
6-8VF!&U?NBZ!#7FE#D6R][?V?L+C.ZR4MB

PISB\KI

M


M!3WA-
DZ4*E!-S?%=K90M_^S76_*P33V0AY]01G


RTKN@^^= 2
MHQ&\S9_VGJV/^;=5L7FR70Q2D/[YQY*I[/*\8T]NNW[;Y)+I!LTSKR0+1@
%

H*

8-GSL&/M
@L@X9@
MJ!%4
BCKPADF RA2$.T5!

M*(F
@]A!XXVVNS'3L--S1-
^#^\LR0;
Z .O7X


M7CU35M-EI0H6-DC@L58&ECMC#Z,)GTO^/!:0Q:HTK\K!OCR5
9D*R\&-P+

M


JVY9@@C@8%U


%G






@6\%XP;+JP*/UNOA7[4;V1\VLA@JEHW 74:?J0\/JR*?YZ4Q^
#
A9%9J^K%'M%XJ0P6*-M=*ET0&/$TZR9?[F[67T_SM?_U ]E5M'Y
ML^]CK3)KJ
? 4*.UQ[RLE:[K!9HK%6^ZMJ]=FZRUTA]^D_&D[&^3@\]CK3+#
MM83*






%A^-$;4E.$ ;W+3Y'@
MV9



Q=3($*/6(VF888N!PT]='*O+9]2

H\=&N\6ERO/HK7+H#





MQB%TV5)/TDA(0=B]!$JU*OI+M328.ZT$E0);QP6N.F10A_L91JK*W!C0(T5_
M6PT_4AYMBO[:P#(G)2(&2X(PQ+KLV&$\E

M1 7CCC.TJ^XN:OV-&A!O[HQ4BCE&*ET0B)TH1?YM5N2WOO2/G9XQ+Y_
K(#(






(9@1HU3KAJ#U2@^@7:\



M





Y0H
MQJSBAE/&ZW
P?FW 98TQ
M7^1Y%=CR<;8YZ? 8^ML9]P Q8(W##I1U#A'K

M5'/^[ZO2![R8;Q[&G 2O?ST## +BL4-:R2  R1VOE&DG!8C/'!@NMO1*ID$O

9[VR2=!!'&-$
M

\B0



&%0


P__:\YGB$G(I$&.4::M<\Y78_/*QVMQ
MTQUSCTF:/D =+24O+W899\N;?(?/^8JV1UID@#+/</8.&:

M::8[%!Z3-/W FF:


MM#P[8)#
Z=0Q[:*ZY'FO
JKOL_FBU#?\JMA5!C17?FDYDC'EN.A?7!JA':
M@V#F5 @[[
=

MV !








5L:X:O%PJ^*\ODAS+ZV?<BL ]8'
M83JI-726$-J51]Y/Z95
]XQ3+1]DZA8DI\:9\]A:]_@/IMED@/[9WW(&
;$

%0Y
MX;0(VFG8YYEM004C+^[,+U TRN8/YV$=_G3)[VXFT



M/T

M



MPM!*+71S@N$I &Z @!]PND#36FP
FTH78X)F


MI52E.:0\-O4V1$R' GR7E3+45
3/;WGN =1DEK;N41D#9PU%=22S&@D*(6

]M\&U3*).
M$CP_AS;KY6YBA&T7[*9%^


\E
MEH(1;9$6I



M


@QPY9QAY




MS?/T7+5I+LA]B^A2IL7PZ?^OIXAKY)EWT%$I'6

D



MY$339DIY)3-[NBJ/$VT^G?J5
08TD59H2YSC'F-MZJ-E8&U\CG%Z&8QI;DEC

@C]^BTDM!3'2+&DQ8




J8
 ]@Q[BP%WECBM0KX:$@)

S  )W#




#-Z\_1,
MS,W7?#T/?R_6JR]_+?9O.IIJ/?@W,T^1A%02K R1DOBB=G#1A%PND.1LJ&L

M?C\DSAU3\3O+8'[5827= TB=]I1/H4-?PYKR7ZNORX_AW[-%TYWA9
N



M%^D&=I.BLV8T0FOZ^;()1FF$U)C&DKL[)F=&7.VQM?S1S.:'G?=YD_+#E0

0_/(_2)#A):]0I




M4)']C#I_M$UF+/=A+%I[[KQT &'*]V
D@ELV)@D25N;[PF\LCCSMYEG=[.7#

M?]&'H/B6@;5WQ^['/M
JPYH0XAS3* H9+.[WV*QNFP?
4[X


H;&7\T-%A:

,$89<6=:

LSQMPU2B%N_*S/


AH7WR


M6=9UN7B=?\KMMAPQGUS02^'RG%!F


DO*[*G9H'U_/
M-$RRFJ^;4\$NN6U?&
BPS;11%#N1(7 (T/$9P^%)U6@L11WABPQSF(9I\*-7
M\_K=3[F5K@Z?^VPKC8)Y.M%?0:VTS#%+'.)*




01L2/0I[$/N2+WL0B+]_\]=
 J/^6/9-_D.'I903J


E/
M&ARJ5UY5K_.ZK9*&/UK6JROQ.OS&+ZNJ3?V/VS=/0M=52Q-X5MEOM7OV6F=?



M'/ES\

_7@ZUS(=&$ITB4J)9
M]





C2:JLJ
]+0B[(C09[;NB+C@.5L98DIR#\N9DX(FVM


;62


L:\R\F!$:)-S%UL4V9G+3(

MNC2&6*(FIAY;M7]@8N9'F$&EP90-\C1'40*\33%Z.C C/FR2I=(-E=%UXO)
M28T3=:TY#
B2F! 


Y[2YU-
CR:E4DZ7Y%BTHD?7V+F@2\:(=4.?

M1D?KK

M.FK!NF?9P]150&VR5=5P$I:5E'&/S+NKZKTHGMZ*\U(SY];&*SQ*Z:2IF+BJ




M)KJT*T^93


M60RY[[


M
2C
MTLW&\OKP;/?^:2K7V'Z;G+6GR67EH0^8[1ZY/?Y0H*55Y*&#4[GS1Q6/*KL
MM4Y








M[B]09L^-\9J. R]V&ARH:8@ORX?AB$A9CCV8Q3P(9A[ 
6AF P%V&YF2%E

45_!!1-
MARF1-7JT_MJ=
/E0Y'6=#P\FD#&29BE(69)0G@$:3Q8\1,N]2*ZF=;UJTG

/Q
MI.L 3FDXJD6H6-$W%9=R6JM
HY4Z[P)'%RH\$\RZ4=L9\:0RW^Z
J--00\9)

MW 6A


M8Q$'?EO


MR[\5G9.B\H(&V@F)&_IHR;=JBD8MIZM_+7?-;KEY7[\M[^K\[[MV'-R]&M//

E




LSI_&C'O4F6Q%4IN-Q@V
MA0XG%3_E]]T_FWYB.V!)%.($
91D'3SV\&XF3T*2JUO4#+DO7M!'LL2NM?
MFAP*;@R8C#[9C0!BS-E9XK]$RJ4E?2-DNC%5;
B7YTOV!AD2W_K4FSA
1V=!
MDI&0IC&/_13Q

P/P53J\@6Y3YY&:Q07K21)$A07:_RHBLDL*T]/:+BX
M(TB%+D?D0@W[BQT]Z@R([Z&N'ZNV%


O/DYTG-N

:) CZ($M1D@P[M$#@8Z'3/G8L6\Y#'6!O=41\XST.8
6USP+?





M_;;\FC?]RW3- E


MK6]7F+N@A&:9=T

Z0?UG3[=* 8)K%
MA#*?AF$V; -(04QFM4S1A6=QZ5-X1EG? ):=IJO2)B=@$S
FIEC1I5A3J


M[3=;&4'P0]BY&/B$Q#&*0$\


HEJLF=2Q9+Q[W*\'+?HQVK!0/2Y62 ULM2L6$;BHN


M[LI/YS?M3__O/RV F

M5O0WKCW?98O1:LG( 98UU




MCT6\O]LOL)XNK881] EF*





%*JS#T$0<I30#SH]9,@(-XL 13)/4L
MN,KG6]:<7ZOMV&6ZZPN:<:KC.#Q5O.=.B4TQ_;%-I)STF.'0BA:]0M0%&=*A
MU0T%TO*@,M?(]&=L/Q;-W_I*V8TBE.$L4\X:P=Q01@P212*KRT3(TW=S
M:;=1&&WIT:D^PVV%20-3V+.
O2X1)#GY+
VK&UIDQA6!Z6-%?N35J;O/IIN(




]&S)=&EDV8OSA*H*9 FHV(Z-!V5
ME8]]B'S

V.'
N4)&94'
M



MD'FGT.:K3BXR=:DH


M)$=
[_?S=#(3\\*O
?4&VC_IMW=SY/MI6T2BF%


%#5.CRPT=4L3^_ $E#08T
MQWH*G5$5ZZ[%TM^73X,6[(A TF$/$SQ)B?^31.D@%J!%.I=RQG 6A9G0ZW
M]1V*$*7C'O/$36MD[T[(Y/12+EI3S@!H

MY76_0-2W


MXK?_FQ&$?1Q'@QA&O/V.T8I5'X[M^5.!J;4K
VOO5#?)3A%
0V7LM'$TM(AE




ME% XK+U$+(G XC&OBVK]:;NLMY9SN7'L
CK\W$UA2=YC&;=M--X;;\39RNEJ

M!M-&!K;6H'[P#&R/%U


 TBSB/
4
MA2-\% 1R=Q\Y UM&@)6N47HE[_80\[4K258VT'/G6(L1=C7%[EWN#J'OG?Y9
M
NS34



Y+GD(3^6U[<?VG_
MB[[F]?(^[V<\:5O \V51_^MRL\L7F-& 0@A8X+,8AQPQ@@;7T@!'3NZ*T7=K
MD@TS TSO@'._.-U2+T.JM=C[8K8O3K_6!MJ#+2MN4=0
S4H5X=6)XU/K.G^







6
I]'- 1 0@3N;D^@W8MES0#U.Z2J?



H*#\&*#SL@!-RZ2<!#E$XKI:

RW9@TJL5N



MR71#=[2]J
PV

B 'Y7IQF9L




8;A3TYD%*BSHC3GJ+F@
M-MILNJ$X^FY4AEN91B4S+-VM5O5NN4'K?]\UVPY,L, )2%JQBPGT21+$*2)




Z!9\^N3I!H)$^BN]HB[(* TDGR(Z@HMFM6F:G9U_O[N


ME]&D_(+&3A5
-^1X

G




M4PAX&HQPD@S**:PU&!.


(!3Y
L@_X )*!9*EGM









LNUOB\9N;0^HTZ?&XJBX\#S=1A=+L2OT7QXJ

M48  9W%
64K'P5






!/


MFEUGC?@AC1F+_

M!B'@@R6


!Y




MU\5


M



M+N5IV;#7D3M8AW-J)\!F*W

:5Y^_
F.-'_
&&V^W;LC6Q
MZX[YC@ 6;065QARA

?^)?M4

M7)/E8]$]7I OF_S][::X/SR@E04^35F6 0P@B@*$LR0=C(*02:VR:9J:4(?(

M(E7&.!)_+:;MW7FS_; LUK_F;45&.(U@ OT
1Y@A&
)PKXLA(BR6.[@O^]F6

M3%P0&%7.W% 49?0O7G_184'ZA:F\&0QED+
HRWP @C3A
:&(QH
AF*69G&Q(


MHB#J#IQ[0DJ5U$=87_?%=OOXV00;&N:-(L 9A$/F.^WXK5?ZXH0RR+AS72






TV:

M*0DAC7P.0!0'(8T&
-#WA2ZOM@S!\O#HSW75--Z _^4$A[C:V0S#]1SC2 3D




'S;Y]G.=?K0H

:
XW6XB&0@V:-@5I*VD
^


40+3. S\(.$8@2P-



G8FIYS7;D



M;^15LV)/\HZW\WI/H

J4U/.G+O.UP1'HCWL8]XY76R*
M/@^\O_MK6;??N2^[._9;*#@O\[NVB[-OJ\UN793W^UL7N@=F.X#M-SY7[-OR


P% R@C



O+M*WP








1P!
MS91S%

MUW22&CUZGJ5ZG[KP'KWR/AV#_DX@Z%

M]1EE/HY9D


M%J9+/%U0)R/TNB%19ERI+#0_5;'BRZ+^U^5FEZ.FR5N1;&O-8GE;;/IYIK_D








M#+&$(4Y# '#BDQ$
 E2K6#8#88ZRN0?7?B_?P]:MF@W%0K%^GCX
!BKI[NOQ
\]E:G\#7K:9UX*!;1$X70.4\

M#U#&
Q*' :$CA(P+E;Q6#
]6YIH653MAN:RJLT?$5*&KI*T3T+^N5OVFT?ZD




MHR2EQ


VT3[8#L

:
M
A9B$*$8!/BX?8JG*GJC9&A*U7F2P36D1XU1.0&R3J:I2FA&+7J-(P%%TJ+6


M


3_6FIJR;F
M7)LU

C?BH=6?]\5

4V?U=\S9^?LL'?^W=4R&;9[.]-6@ :4
!#0(D)\0%%
  4BP3W 6



@#3E[2=!&G@QYBC
MV \&




)S;HD

HW^9
Q3+@

SN8BRY8'BJ-R+S;/32O&K%)

_:ND-][!Z?Y?WN^MU]Z)V^/O'AUHJSEO[WEW
MC*+_JR%#'UO6RS^;_%C:#+&]D+
=;VQN)&_727IY;
]IN
ZD\TM_N0APD$8

6T+DQ!Q$
99
M-O@19
B9W*Z&WO:29@O*^]JAZO3XL=-CE=ES]WAS()';#[AC&;QO3/\Z-*:3
M'_T\R?O5F
Z4M?7:U\^?KC7YF3!/FXBD:(*^\-PU+9K5IFIV=8YNFVV]7&T7


M





_4&
2$^ =H!W(J/G
3L'-GM)4@
M74@E

PH%B(@F#)FHG[VG##XTW2[S/9.3YP3I)F_)/KV




 XPVD:ME\#
M=D ?





#N2?)\U
MEA]VJ/PT4M




MDQ.7O.76I2RGURHFSWV3-0A'
N*/M?/$3!RG2:!&6M)/EU;-L&(OV1J
VE3K
MHN?1GYOG#1; YTF D@RB)(8@I3&

M;C.N9N^?95U4(;X6UT5MMC:'





R?XYS37W7#N6/(^SZKBHHNB%^34IY^\UN

M
!\C'(M4]\:-VIZ*WV/MY]^]]1%M/^S_.N#UEB-@L1QAGOO+6!6VN74_8=A
M?%VM=MWJ6_^';C+_!.(,$7B6-5LN^E3HP\CO$Z$L.:]D.6O\SIO[+E566Z7



OY_X5V


_YZDM9;:K[[V\?'EL[O8*5ZX_YICN]1ZIFVQQ6

MU#!


RU#7#31:I5O

M%








J\@$Q.C$PR6PF%QID$@$G/..1P)U9]\4 B.

MA 59!A.(?)]S'B=1$

[ K)YI*

M&
\H'$:HP$#@*G44I59RY-IWVD/W6-3%3\SC$MJX.1DJTJA#,]VM5$
A%)
M-$J]8\IHUK=S FF!06F=?%L^[K9-+\O!8?] @


MIU':[.@H4GBP&/*




0
MRM


MY)3J;=GLZNY=^.YMSGJYVG[L;H_LGHY_?[LI[O=O=(Y#X/W5DP= )
5I0%'6








LN=KC[P;


MV@*G&KMRGX-8()BP$#*44 #+&( #!8QB!EB_U#F9^VRWJK*M7R5F4Z_7.



M\_^TI=T)8.
3:;K!

#!*
M(J2YBB-ERK(^]EAT=5&..U49M$;;U+.AO2.'C8ISB^$IJ5+:IQ0-5Z5.S9FK
MRJ;!D=$]@I3[




M#;#GUL@S;


MI653

M[=YK%09%;K4^X_$KBFRG_EOJ];VH#+76NPLD=!2%I-9RAN-3T-TQB1\;)




*/5(XB3=W. &
M.)R:IY.(;EN?? ^GAO?3D^/:6'Y^:7'+C5(9?





U
6#3'J1O1 
_?K&.BZG2J-?J\ZA^;99C'7B0V@


M[WFU25Q$D@0%_%4@A (/1MAKC8? 19Y4URQ-)F?3T1/
O@;8 +4X4I;_
*S*






85I;9J9'[$61WLH]2
JR'


F]

M=!



M5.V!#Z7KRJH$BF4:

M)DS%D(UMAQ(21! &H#='F
A-TQI!(TNHC=*M8'4:517' (


MHDTT95B!.K:M
W3]-*XD1%.)%=.C&3F5DZ4)=)HY*SM*U-BQ6#T
KT.K=#GS


M]BFZNZS&J8(N)X587+
F41PF<?_# ]L6NL O^2
-



DK



$LH;F/$0P









MV8'487!M1DT?;.IPLH'&D39+P@&KG$[IXUE
MQ:A6$['7K.;GK.['FT397)$




I^9F5$ZQ.#IK@'=Z
M$'AIU1)@;42_='*^#B73ZE%I[@N5+-AE1=6^]M8LMCZ557W(ZOS0/#C$%\I5

M))

5KW6(J3GW
M7M?\S/(H*K





DHHB


M
.#0/?I6PM&B
\I&HQ

]T*UBR/PGL



'RZ6M9<&5HGIOV D*CR $A
M1(B&.'1A!'N;CA/;DOM]DVP9KWH/\&[Z(7AJ/3^_$1N)87..*ER B=-H5DQ

.IM!3Z0


]%J^R^?X_+XL!^S@NK
M)WF9=Z%'B1K=Z]=!\#IT2I


M
:.;\).87(?N3'7BS5:[!DZ$

MUK_*&M

MXKBWY 5A**..*C_?L [VD-J=+45Q4^)-3
9
4R8G6+)L&=&H=R@94:
I!*Y#


M]7;XBPG]MK1NGZM2]JUV-1;%)








'8Z4T5



61
M[!U6+49E1I;295:.HQ$SIE]XGU:5!:UM6]6HN LW:F4-391++$OFY5I!Q?I.

BO/OUK0*Y.
M_EY2)Z]^BM2O6OQ4?1+3ODF
Z9^1GQ16F4[?O [*ZKF_:0-H@@'[..)+\[
M[


M=7M'B

MV#LACB&-_(0B_OI?T-L 7A+*+;?E?K;Q534?C'E[AR^=OJ$G29R8
IIC3$[T
M.%4OKCNN8@_O!3MCAT*56%R'!BEB?]


[3WA'M++PUGLOQBNF5\1OL#.B)Q
)G0=RC+=C=?O!^OA151O




FMEUZ)863ZZ?-5-D1TFEFA)6;Y _EO=K5C^6


-PJ1=3//L&SOM]L/M8XYQK7HX;F+D







M).3*4*LWSW6)ZV/'PRY





MDRLEOM?$N#G4T3JQ[A*@'O:EU@M&P[L.29_;Z:OKDADX%][8ZJ8ULP.+[/C
M]'!XOF_?M*IN.9J-CS

KT-UL.S
M.#[K!4#KCP:BY/M\D\D5W#6:D5?)?9TIE)K99!GG:FP;1!/+Z]!$;=Z\WDK0




N(EY(!PXHUG&)M02F*E!IU


M$X#]V(4HAC'RPL0?;&%$9

[W
WR-G



SDY3HM_0IZ^I1 8ABVT
AIFPQYR/;#]QA'1?%5&HO?ZJM
M953IQN(0%0O6D^F=H%&&F-6B5**DSJ=8)[9D=4N!YQ6KEXHW(AJFS-(U):NK



A&(L7)A2M!
Z?*3@VZ'2F.?

M213AP'5CB-V8PAZ4Z_A2C84-0YEK[^?K 

M9QS'T





YRYKXTND%Q

 V)Y+
2:0]HC8[X?R
FP&QSQ[DMU+E
T+-R?\ULD!EL]R#UXM6GLO
M5394-AD%'KYBEM=)H*ED&U5F+ZJGB;C=^:M-RPI^]*^QSL3F]-MK'M*(@#
MUW
=V#1%2Y(X[@W&U)':]IM@QK!.G[IG[7GWK.TY-EV-R*Y3*2:N
[$HIYUC




MPS-.](T#6BK16V=]H+Z3:Y%5B%W%$U-AJMM2BS62??J/0
G$Y4[*$F^2DK

J

M;!+9( 0AX65?SXWX
=G^N &$4D58
P@



Y;]%HCU1P]E9G%XR<.(
M


O

M Z?-+\X@WO WK'N45@-SYIQ%A+FQ-$8K\^L0


MO


MI ^UR3$DIC+&J)%3E0%&HR5SWXXZ43 B&4I
K4
BU*_N9D[+_P#:/Z
3NT


M?(.5:BE.KY:SS41H'3IIU
-W^,FV913VE[-78!#P)*$62IH!OZ01AV-A !
M&&SJLD[W

=+!




M] :9(:ZF[)&=(VV37:(+93IL#B.O1FH@^7]\N4&9$KY&X\BD+/B8((8A_R








ZL3T+4C6F67NY7











WV^'3<IW6V(]E]OLU9
MR@2@1X'C$MM&$ <H]DC7_X[844EWI[38


SA8


MMGZV(F ]Y?L]KYQ7? ^DXG_VA7TUS1ORE@MN+#Z\FNW




M[03Y 0QMX&(;. YM.]RYT$$25TVFV3(\$I_7;L-/K$M&DVYN1TZ42:=0)F



HER.D6;

M3AA 9




FX5EAATWK








M?UTU5O5=5_8MW.F28'OAAZ =A!A@E$/
]&O8T8^%@FW9#[R883C;
A\GH@



7TX#X

4#==93I4R^I




MTJ

KT
XM7KTNGNV
M=K94*VY#DIZ R

MFA;)[0W!QIGSXQW

YM




40]A-@/B:B :S=L6-0Y7FL ?&-QR%:#V;HMK09U=W[@



[IN@
ML&_\MCP'R-\[ 0Y!





(9!@MPHQ':($7+='HWK)E(I
MMRD


MM]EF/*J3V
3@RLY+\\55?:KA03R/W9IFC5'^A8/1%8F[9K\NJB7.MD36%M

MA]7(FKPH_EN6[NM'G!XR+LFWAZS@5XG?/.N'D(


ADWQ


V

M%''#1+7I3TX$MA0_@TRXY#F/+3^-(4!%IOVCKE^2WK\\*!=-%Z[F._F*

MS)PKU*(&


G'XJO





M!^ DOM3CM!K-SK@K_0)KFS&K2NETMF55=%:BU07T'8Y7))W72!1236V16)M@

V(N[7T[F/QF;=X/+#U
7^!K#I?%S?+XI=K\[Z'
/OE


?1]_9<WDQ<;R:[]MQ/\R
7



M;Y 4Z.%ISCQ!8V072!T^

M0


M

M.



MA\%-%AV1$IVRNSYE?6\
-K3[=AEMPYM733-^R[[7MW]E^V_9KV51/U8;%/D0


2OE_LGS[
&.C0JW
-5&]-H$R[/(- ?.

/DOJ'2^(; PBASH-



HZ;Z_W?OQ;I\_-*=3NN/.'XLD

MQ_)'U7=UAR?+^T2N#99HV/J'\^1A3$$9M?*/4]&K$E1N#:/;+0H;'A&HTT








MF/R_6Z#6'RU42?G21+B8D
W/M9RD::'9B+H)








MX_=BEU=;SG0FK&3F2JO)0LA*K2OXZBA%:/!(JBT]C2E$=_SOBN?UX\--E]


[=):.D*9=_CS7US'Y2#'Z(/'^:AW)9OP8V)2;%%U/QYXQE


MZ-J


MD












JOC2:I5R\DK,4]6KE&JTA$*G)2-!SH?!B
M@N#EJRM&OK-?I:2V3;[-#/^A?)WC[;E$V_MA
NGKX?L


M+[=JJ=]TCD7RO:M
7




#E62'_!N;&K]EE95N
MNY9
UGUYL-+J[$S88P-9;FMCGGB)K7-7%RJYC.\
OL7P6]P!ZZ=?FCR$#WGK

MJ$[B6%I*YZ)7743\IQ!





M&\G_M49C9

YURKTT
MW_.I^#O\R0KTE!L6'LGN24BJ]-YFS.?_RVK/]YSB'&01#2F?LS6'C!
8. 1

MYNY]
 RG[M(Q7_'L8=QU XF[(O^BL]!81:M=
[QVHCHM)2 %R'7=$/@11 FB
ME(;#EHCKA$)/H




 W=6


Z



M/YIOJ!&UO$9
0O\FUYC@H@R]$636_8O-K9# A=F
0X1@$
7!*#_L?SAP%%

MOA0%0)0JC5KP@H
KHJ#&UWK401'_.S(QA0D9O3BM0Q+V.]4&^.Q'AC0$K@\2
M)_:@39

M*[JE



MBG'F^JA


M:KLOJ^

\T;X9



MS3M\3@R
C!(%FM8Q&%2 EY

G.L@H1VYR48
SW9\
PQQ[$HFY'IM&T_&



?#*BH) $6HIERM:-E\NRHJKORHHW97##_K?I



0T)
MI4X *82NDR59[*
TB;




H'/ Y02!U-FD^5





X


D@IG?68Z=



%Q+L
M1@%)8C?+8J9\_%Q2;PS%

M




C?!
89I@DA&G0BGP6 !!TB^
MGPM^[CP]76G_B10]$KW= #-*_7V1324G#%SJ\Y(\6=3K99$_U^^5O!?M^;^5

C@=2JK-PG&^[]/1C%_1^2)(DI@#E^

#);8L40
U[$_5



/_/C
MT/3
_

@?0A+O?XTQ<Y2:J1GVB=#Z 1%


M+HQ0@OP@BZ
LHZ.*QBF


M'RM&.(
Q].
*Q?
5C
M#B?K6=OXY!K'N#D7(Q2E7A3$
' BBGPG0\

MRO4

AE5H($)A13$@0^

[\X3=C$/XE016TRQ*4F;;*C)B&T@5\'LY:JDXHGE]1)

Y

_B[/O/&O!
]Y.?


MOB[FEI=Z;9[4^MN5#EGOKLG_KT.^+6_*8M
!\%
W=AT2PXQ@-PTIBCQW . @
M7_C9#\UF%Q;]_CV'$;0^Y5(+PI2D8)Q_O3G-NIUY!#C(334B1#
2W'/

M=


MQ:ZL-ZN0QG$2^PX)W(Q Y&8^'.[UC&(*A3;9VX%TD9D$=[ M'P\N@M['X;#U




;5Y6]X4;ZKFL
L9R1^+-L.L0A(X



M-=6ZQ0@0/\4U3RS4QB_-NWK_YNX^YT.ISP\


/&I]V# SB_J&M%WVR9:_*!U
M8$J&T10AE='#_
&9/CQX;7&9DMKGCX^^W*TG3FII68@WX;RK-PHV)E;-'I[-
3Q\U:&!]ID6*[%#LZW:+.^N*
MFVY




P/\#@R)11Y+QQ5YE'6!MR'?.)



M5W[LA6&4$B\+(8UPZL01&H#@B AMRS=H?L%AT:''WOYSZIUFT^-P?OAB20AT










M/4+)3YT-..?5.%'VSNB=]@#8H7WZW:H--UPY3?RTOBTVAVWQ_N;7NM[\56ZW






MBU&RNB]V9;WYM


M1OL*_:XJA










%/?.E8\N2Z':3I





M

M_%7I^0T;#EF;RE2C
CVM&6\/KRK%F6=#+=W-%5#*_4K''N)ZP8)C2%$41A0
MQX\&%(B&5.9HD6[;AD\@7?-? ?F)A+5'*L#ZD81M9S_T)TFCOA5XX8\*N&0


MO3_DNWU7C\C7_67
I]]!W\IF!5'JN4F($P1=Z@60!BA


MRMB+XS3):!@B%[J!@V



Z
V+LS(]-%JI

M_?

&%87CND7#@IP5%?J$RLU

HE&.]1EF@NUQF8U35N&@5+F4=]QHBAP@AC1
MA!]2&*=L03!)701-+*(O2M
G50[5-



M8E]Q.X36* AMB) @Z*4=$28XMF!+A!&W:L-M4SP1I?7=75U]VM?K/__.[)!J




MZC#N1D/5(E5T[;9^!UBKS;
M0:F:RL] K0ZA_]I1O.LH-B'VSQ


M.O0OXP^:[XK-R@M1E(5^%CN$ND$:P3A @VD4NH$N_1
V:('^#5CUR9\XW=/E




MCS$OP;G:7O[F3=



M5H

MS]
BG%



FY2H_M599%U^3RTA3^1#?<<1MOJF:_._17F93U
MIEQ_R!_X/U=\[Q#0D*RP$N+' 1'1_Y\F@J]?S--$N&\T[;OX[HKL #_0
MY;:[363U?-:9GUY-*/.I9'-9F=I.K.'3 ^]=FP-T^1+;:(!2FX07M\6F\.V

_BQ(_=7R?

S;2^<A\5SE_CHG73T%Y[)IYBU:;X@ER/%GM


 LC@D@8AVF0

*

-(HP3'R/(H^DGHM[(2C:=Q.Q<7'C%H
SC)R%!\I&NJSEXDZVT\U\FQ+



6


/92FA%(!I/L+T(WJ6DQM)0J=?TZ)(HI5.4R0;FK3I$I$SJE
'




MNUVQ&1YDKV].GFM?X2R-0DIC2+W
QR0D@9\
(C-4Q8CWVC2G'?.(L/AF;F+D5#8


LCF4N$3;Z[&_=)78( .&'9P!-_?GZ\FRC.%

@:84-.'R\2843I!JMG



#@-/C^ P6TP^



M3F@D\XW4YFD?BX_/?IRF

.[EV=;#J_.FXYG[Q;
M9IZVH+RQQKIFH&,/SCPM8*Y].SI)+?%9]9&8<<JS.(L7-XXM$!4Y
^




M5YF+ T+BF$UPG(1-=N+(&:V'Q MD7M/395


M QS;__R)HWOY%?
#%@[1NCWH4U9KOEB;];;F%83K

V+@XP3=
T;$%XR

MM#T=5WS:
RGG2'#.FO2Z^'1;%'P3&MILVH/G^?:(J
$/[!_W-1NB
.T_W/.#


M[0

EAT_4Q8?Z?:
2S#(SPP
MX@


+2_DVCRI

&$8@A3XK@P


N

(XS3U

<.  8P%
V^
MV@P:SK(
SS@^/U[&_POK^]T0?%^#/?N1M?P69;VT7\Z:BS NEQTYV8.X'D$
MCI(?#E'9*Z79?$TMPC;:NE
#^LB^4J4E!?RDG9.E\\_^EVJ#;9!^;KOR=LG

.[

M)%

^ZZZ^*/


R!D

MI(G)BV&^Y-1%DBHS![F_(^2


MES;OJ)&PO:J J\G-P#)!W&KAE]V6VSXDD-O=
X]C)

M/'VT=C(;(N
GNJUSOC?P(QNV?2JJLMZ-=M_5^Z+)#@4Z?#DT^^N_ZNO;^L W

 '#MA



X?3M
M_RU\5%@?LG2L4G9=*( ]77[8R=9:.<.]:77MN;ZM/JG!A:_UY1\6*[_8W

C]:[Q^CBA#A1
MC-P@=J
T=FF0T'&3 22QT&'\N3$9'FD$SX\T I61QJRA$J@
6!HER1H!^X9
M%KF8.UJ7E
1%6)\D:!9[@PO?R.Y4/X5LGZ[L[-FHO
M\^V'_+[8];9-_ B_OJP0UWB$^B&9#S7&GE(:/,- N&U?<(K2H%$^O*[)W



\?

M0XBD+MTVB\2P@AT!\XO^-KQ3EA4_C0/E]
MP.
14SIY(R&GAX_=(KL 1^Q4X







M:A;!4CKLF=9A(?I-Z;!NYF?480;==AUF$+7JL$RT7JL.2_DX68?E&176X;(J

M4.IA;JV&C:MNBPM\'H!=8],4G6UDBTHMDOQ+*FQ?)_\4W
 2D7VX[[$2Q(

UU0

MG




MB-?4**@(VHP!FAR$[B?0?O.\RBLAYK8:-&ZG+MK&YJY4]-2UM+G^YW1;YY



BHQ

M:C[D#[R4=UWCO/ISY3M1Z*& NG'L)Q1F/G\%HC?$E _+G8J3_GC36^ X(M!#

M?S^=2B95OW7(=^QGKA]^-=.

M[


 I.706=KV!PMLTA)^ZWM\KT#O9




2LHPCCQ8(I)DH[/+WN9^'OT&DR9WJGRTG5K(TS0XA1/

Y-;

-Z_O3=]PG/7E_F2BQ%4Z3
M'
#6_
M%KO\2W%Z'=%41;2#LT\](D\ CU4W?<UY'([6'69M2PGK0X3Q?Z!ZR@!_OT
M$'N^!Q_JLFK?_+@N[R1O#M 7S%E6B0

MPXUYRNT!'

M&&=BRF:8+CD-DV-JAA/^W/X9!9I GAU:
\6!LX?V%;@0U8\WU;J^ZZXZX9;0

XPP=:(@
MBA

M;RAR3?S]/9O9[LOJ_EV7U1-T8SY-LUB F'&/IN9S1S/0
TV*.)(W7/B;H5

21Z\-$A09D.T6[RKJ_JQL;X;CL.2


G9&HO2Q;8=@:?2G-M4N95?FOA;-OGN4@%L=
M-A.L$A(1)\UHY$
O=4/BN=DXI

M.VS*\PE?




MSK\5#?FVW^6
VK+*=P]O]L5=PT SPO:








MRT6&J=*TGJM!& N1'9W4H']/:Q:&F53J\JO000YV'0IQE+D!#B!RLL&&Z_A2

M89%M05SU?=O.OMMU-!QY?A^7;U6TC?%+JOX


M3S


M__)\Q4A??8FP
YUR
L=V]+[I;M2:VY[D):_EUW)35)LFS9O;T5;BA4$:181U










3##(/A7Z0T0$K1.EB<T-Q
MA(:3X0DE#WYOE\YL]Z9D)E19H;77N]26UT8:8L)M\:?KRTI<!P3RE&I'%
MYW#M14PK[).8(M\AV(L]A[*I)G8'T
0GH16S-S&HAE-5=W'5NA^:YRTP2R9N


5-;T17+#2=O*-MW7UY;K8W?&W
M

ML;


MAM7Z]/IC[#1Y&KS%


78P'9-Z&D!7+#4N-!X)N3O&!V/Q(%\0 9^
MNOZ(?@:;0WOEW4V]NQMNS+FMMZQ[:^9
?):67
2WVE%S1R;SVB8!:%;5K)L



MOI*(_0^8F&2\-YF!I*


M00:\;8&?]O7/X/$/+O5DH@J[9_3 :+#LT *S+M8S-GXY#?BTOBTVAVWQ_N8%

DC;$;!F'







M;YGI_ZQOJX_LSWQ[:C6@#DI#QZ-Q&&1ID-+ \YE5FF4)@^ '

A0:[42TA3[!A.



\F/G#+


M2JM


=WT/8

M2?/M!WS:WWNB)7J5'D2&7N^8/+=@2MH??/^ON#26GUY6^1-T:RRU,6AE\0N
MY3=3A'X&8=R5]




M3'TWRC#DV]F8&';V_ 2'1/)XIZH5X_6'%EC7K4XGQ=+O1TT@4K2P

M!?H


3ZJ

MBH4M8FC 





-AX+<O%%?K<EOV+Q:_

M




7SYXL!G4FE+T9%2JKU
MQ=A6O=;HX471ULVFJ')_V-5L?K]_:]O9[FG\RXYU;?%7OTN6DK\RLGH)$#


$? \R95[=$

M3VC9-^[K)M_^NJL/]\VHR


MLXGNP!O:ZCE+)

M-

_
%VY#NAQFPF
M:-&2)&9$

S7M2!+[*K*-K$]R24:)



_+

M^8YC$^A[49#$D8L B?H*RK
]F4
T:A8
UQ

M
T


G/;;KOKPJ9\BXZU;M
M^^).$$I\36(JOB3(YG+#
B)K(9^




U?KVN?CC@Y-5-G4DS)B%13K=J_HZO.!!)&HW(UCF:
M!K1J-+/+$*CQ;I2:OSC9MMW?]Y^*:K^KUZT_%6Q 

M26A$'(KMP D@2(+^%'WL1Y)/'FHT+#/6E)XX;!#QCLXU2&LW]*J9H4[.HFP-



M_A5_RK(LOF3[E1]%#HR)C?BY2&1[U$8]U(0FMMQ[%3

XH'\,6'\EI$IIG2XG&VLZ%/_D\6A_WM(M_G-$ZNP856O^?:H5[Y#XC!.
M/#^# J-'!2X'2X[@D)]8*=#8_I4_!&DE:[7Y:'@%2M_D#2MK#5?-K_AR^9W



EX[$:GG
G#9BC%?+2$8BZ!:(WHXA.&7F_%$X0!




I
X:F;!O6+@[R+RP:G%9
M/6KK!/8%?_JI^Q/_J+%+/@=F)#IB8CYW8.0TW$Q
C&BW K$#DFTR3
M0:J







L%1-HV[%L)!P8/PH
*O=/+/YKBCD&[K@I+:7N@Z=N+ZL0^B
M.'!84=G9 Q%-I!:ME*V87K/J@%U8I]49HPCJ!1<KIJ$1=4MR/=9
[
\=8Z4
MH=6IT40NH\+3X

4^ ZC=!=D^K/[^M$9A[#E)R'ZHY]HP3&C8*UM(A)1&XL<9EI0_OWRZ3HCU


M=
P[KE4 E\JA%U\
ZKK9UC;R?B
?!8D'
40^I&$ ;







1$=D846%L#/++D:YGW]1QJQ[Y43?L-(6^UL=


7U]I


C2@/!IH78;TZ'#D
M9;


M@RA._/Y\(H6!T(J^%D.&4_ S;!?6$=G4;S6=IVA@N&AA=AEC1X\KKYYKTL:/

:







M]F\RYK8U[&;1< 6B&-E.1 ,00)H0&70;1!' !(;R[[V.Q]2X\FO37G?:P_$

O*J!%X!)2M1(]K#+ULU%3_;WVXS_#9LIPWM^

8
M%87



LE;QUDBZ7NB5F62]Q7/:-7
M/:

M55/1)B=.\S(FWCIEN;4NJ.H,C2^^2
QV^HL@Y^YN]@
MJ#4M_7(BZTG^[O




D[





F9I0#=C


M=EP2D%

+N





MD
0XZ6QCWY?:R]5CT?1YQ!YDV^3X+-[OU!M#JB);S$!FYYJ.2W3P;*AQ@(

MM&%5ZQ]:5=
N69[$1
H@17)J)

\\&J3$@=KEM\_]

FA
MG)0LA+XQ5^/


*

B3XSEP'/L3
@5N



2^K7\.7F!J/%02[D:O.1M2%=T\CY0A1.




M=?[ X_K75I4Z;IIA MBAY P(5& (40NH[?7=Z%Q(V$CN\8
6Q8OUJ\UK8&
MS=!KS+K+L:



M 3J;


MH9

US[K.:CJHI





M
0

ME+JH
X




X9B.X)B
CS_9 XGC\LHT-'$B2#H4+D=
UI1MP_I;0[8:S+]9
M1]075HO[PFJ07U@-]GH0J;P-;R0P[\OXW#&14_D/'@[Q9#%W6-1RR=CPZ$D^

0^L03R%0TJB4*
M93I%]'_ ]3
ZKX.L^?5
K@9
$ ((@MEV($Q)C

4G2

=M]+]74

.JGQJJ)2Q@D=I5;\(F2#SVH 7E@-

 Y]

M)4N;DC]RJ;.E+PY?O\MEY$_9;M]]OZTC&\YX]HM*IZ7=976*[2W?YI%7L1
MHK&+?0A=EQ&(:.1W&$CDRI5P6BV;KN9ZL-81[875X.UJ#VM?MMW2:LR2 J@W
M$()B.%L

MFO^!%874BY


?X
%\RC

*'Q(LBL/ 3W 8


M&W2[; 
KOI5Z1

I


M#W4HB.-AF;REV[;AK/1647MA



@[&L#9W^*W&@0NK=\$Z

MZ^5?ROWIXQS8#8'M)




M]H==@=/J[O+FAOU;JR!A




?$SS+=\@I.7N6[K-OO&J

MA5'2FDX(BAT481A2U\&QCX'7B:J'$EOJRJ86@_/JVQ&H+HF3X7JLRAFB6:O0


M#7Z\+)TT


@%?D@2FP 
 #F1P6C4=JXI4)-OY?:.

MZE+UVIB_[VJ[6:;%']/N


&\B&GR



]I]Z!M&J,;;=II2[
M?RES+:)T](KIX1CF37<O.L
80.RIX_L9:B=1G_.MN'2PY2HMKVV]CDOLD_[
M[+Y:X1#X!-L!3BB.?6@3XL+&8F)[=D)D5&V
XV^W3_4%;9
M9D6PE[#_\UT/XPA['D;8[HPF7N*/FNOP93IFJO#8[6 Q%]$U\'CL[-0.%H

4BK\6_S\
;RJZ9P/G?@M?I3&GD(QM;@/)9?K;F



?+JRC%Q9W8VR]JSE^JC7Q?*'3D)PT1FVB












*_Z/?Z3_
MP^M^?I:GE@[V-6\L6%E]]SS^Y]M% IX&E_K&@N?K.;/%SEUN7\K&NGS:Q(
MZ:48%A)Y


]I<VR:%FZ?Q4

M53Y
'TU:%3Q4%E=5-K7+*V5#H@&24
J*8QACUZ:0

2AY&)!509\^95U36EJN(4ZU95(^P:5U5^[FO1JMK1
MJD55I6/TT515WD%E557D4K.J7M]ENRR]82JT
2]268_PQ@NK0G@^E*ZJ

:E;5E1


5QAAG^S[?]CU8[4!0Z#
M:_'C4-8_&GR36XGB\RPIBXQ*'):VT2BAF_5^T.OOG+T84^5'R_OW.CN877
M.K+4^(EWMUQ:'-7:7^J*Y[OA%&F4J8'2-S+IU
&:O]7FI-Z6\PP)\8S
S-5P



MN$]:UJK;9%
GL0\4?XD]BP_P'2AN7

?HQG^DQ2'=/;U5(]6'.%I<!!,O2B,/,_U*2N50M_K<$'B-V(F0[-


MZQL$NT%$0Q SA%'H8TRB?@
E]
3O'4P.S' 2#_[F@-
DWH%F61RH;$I
'SB!

M^5PU

#)N_CEU@;I*+XH;#
M?)^ PC&')7\*H\\ZS/5)2)UXT!R!]XX]S!7P^2N1^2EXZP#$O/$0JDSXGDA;




M[+W% ?&'C!M(T[;Q/7C#=T8Q=DR&G*J02\U?#-RLDR[_M/1;7?U;D&I[O=


M:






5

/


=N



^$/$4:YJ72-Z+?O'+!UZI1UXI7U






M(



M!
IX(AOQ;?PK);
Q-!A):*/C(IK4KG;E.LLV%9_NU2OS+8SD9[9;YPSBBOAL

_Q





MZ\L)TX0

8

5^X



]BE+=TM)GXH?S\PY




MYXR-B#_)$2&S+ABN#[XR;+M\S=6[60!/6PV_/7?=K+D@K7[;;'D4FSY;M)P/
M9/+31HWKUHGO;R3ZQ=UCFSS()DXE3?/5+:
 6#I)NDXN31E3XY?3]O,?^5+
MR15#O6:_F]YFJRP'3M$P(E0XD7$#2)(6ZR40%L^LT^.T'#B[AZ0V-6X+GB#
M]YMR=]^\T;S+V4_
TXGN@H\+I$3R770
)\^MSQ\2^=I^!T?O/L@%\*$ F;C]

M6KCP'K-3YE6;*:=5;#8?[3HOI:7X[F#V[QE\#CR+;C



@($$\ZEX9+FNW#TYJQA[7N0 &48,!00DR#HL-BQ7]T
P@
)XP.




M1GMH\!@_A29

X.OXTF!JW




$!LQ$Y/K1IZ'8&;.)+J9_$CS6L



&59S=
BW?#FA4?'C+.K/@GU!UBER
MQ1IP'






L; 6!Q-+65[EB8D


U@&K!
E_UC)(D)WRG_@<.)<F1^*(N4F2% ^5RY E=(C\A8]G=%9
GA<7A*$JA)$<0FB.'DD9[)E1$$%)6B0DT!P]B@(H3I.0_#WS[YSXJ9&P



M?VU_%1'LN3X-(TSCV$X\.P&HLTN\2*J=]WAKAC
]7*]WO %TE6[373WL?J2W




M'I=5 YM)S89(&A R+=PN0\/TN/+Z^J N?J2F/M\.Q6;W](9:8N!BF/BL% 08


MI1]QFG()1G[I19C5!8VD


 !AH)RS*$T8QK+Q\L


UQF?H^%=MLGWJ\AG^@U#&P4QB6E


D\AR'U=6.


44W7VU!7T
M*!%?LCT'P.V30W9=?LOX[;CZW11GY08D9@@\C\3$!B&EB(%JX9 H3K3(J28L
MDVMKU:


M/LVMRV*\2XFTYE N5;%UN_FN?!OA55W+&8CNRV]_E7_WJY E#

 Y#WXU\

M^C:14GHZ

M$;$)P-+6;7MDHB('::.P6)0P(D.F U63
W7!N O]4(K2/$=J^E&;ASG?87
M(V]@B&IF?QD#5+=3+Z\LF^!
^
CLLXGO2_NK(*((QT[HX2@)8QL0AWB=46#;






_DQ?K_&&;5?U!



M#6*&)M/CF%R&BHUUXO7S:.
Y$7ES]8I]37=IE;VT%$4 4I\5NX['ZE[V\Z.H


MB-O;I81*3N3'VS
^2^? _G[L9GG3Y+W)6UF^P]- ]:*/XV44

M([J@K9E^'^HW3^IFP[B\?]AE=UE1


MO=:.KEC-P7/G+$:;]J^/\^: %U8WVNO+.;6W.TIU ,RJ.HSQ'TI6 .U]_O


MQH*F%*8W*D:SV1&4CV

MB:RUCQ4]E[6\D;6_3S1IDHB;P?RD.5;SI:$/E6F

JQ
*T:<'W\DD/F9R];T$VKT_+&ZH#/
MI(;BS(JHI($X+4P]37AX3E6-L2FMME_3'W^P$HIO1;TP;!/;T*'N'!2123
MT$:@
^QZD:





[D+6SK\L9JL5D]

^)N6[


MY30=N66(K'$ORVG'@Z1T[]D$CANZO


#C


/U/G_
]_E)_Q2 $N(2F$0$QA@!



M[U];O[L,AS_[8^24DP$:2#IS/I-+



M



7FGD8^
M)/




V('-:65^&

U_=(XB/?)X@Z]5\\I]]*X)=]=0B@C
%9E2\_

R9=W94R=H?%UW%7Z5.MF

M$_3J+=6NWF%VXCJMA:-4I
F2O51-4_9'N#Q38VI


M^07V)7&2
JK
^W+%4MTE 4D
M1AY




@
7J7-2Q8Z
ME%%_' 15<M802KF
_8YVKIR[/#R4Q!0&49'1)38]%9B+:\^^ER!IF4KG:
#P'28&31.<:T^7DZ1]*T+JKJ

K6ICG@L


M! @E7D0B$CHH#._T^P$(1U;]2 ^8F/
,VX5D[PR:IO)'^JJ@/3B^Q],/S*3D*):WO8<R' $0 NG%W%C)!()%Z




M






M9SOV?X:XH6F//M:7

($^2&@('!#
M$H0Q[)X;3A#T(K5QJ&C


ML(^!NF[@^DPP/91X]+C]%SI0N:N(DC7#R](U**ML4%G9_^ON:IK;QI'H?7X%
MCCEXL@0)?EVFB#(K51--MG$,UM;.:AH;99*Y

3S=?H/O!\V
?#?^C!G58W58@\HYQ&XK$
[33C



M0.O03\QGQ66YYQ/@/]/M$ULEMILDT+=CZD(_$O=)V

M
1.7?]C.G



MF]7\_3)Z*&F Q


M[OIVO2Q_+UZ3HQE9$@/98



TK\)I]*4R




ML.$:W6+E0B?0UOV_1[Q7X(BX:0QN

4_PI


$H*=4&K=5H\ETTG5O97OX($&WZ5&
R


O]ZH_/

(7JJ1+W[9TUOSQ]O/;YLAN
MD#SEF]VHEO8V4PX.-@\CAW^\? [I2#B1#@



&:^Z/81J@]X(


F?P+RU,1\&]FMF6?9.;



M

(6!36*7N@X6I^38#FP;!2*(J-2)


MD:TKMA$'&\)50N/$M_BTTX(68E';]I 6-*E+:^S@C3](SR  9LLUL&WF0Y


MW6; 






8
.-&A1
]^XE%:M
TN6713DBL]O_X%))&^2Z1X$:VLZ9JT
M+1$@XHD'0  (1/RO__/]9O;375HLLGS^'W^#_P;^]E


GF%ZN;=+[\R13I9)E.?_HS6U[_](]I
MNOCCI\LBO_GI'WGQ1W8W^?GG3:&?UK_
LOD?_Q[_^399I#]]7V3_OKBX3F\F



*CU^R:[FV65V
9F'GGZ1K^;+
/N?


M
CQ8G(WMBAIENVOI9H\I6







U-GE*$




MUE66KE\%*W=M%JT&T$&[!@V
::V-K4.J&EB.?Z39U75D\EU8HEREZP!?MPUV



:H?GZN=E/6/1

M)=GZZ[

MH)8_SA C-PV?KX/83#].OJ6SI^U[K=RL*)X4BZEI9$Q- ]E:A-=JZ[BEG])E


@A@B8J1#OQ XT5M@N2#8OXP6 S3
MYQXU5WW/%C6ZV[


6B6#N;9M('(.G3X$#599W



IF1+.

M/BGN'^)4EM%/-\;M]&GXG+5G7?BQ?%2K?2OTT3O?K_3$:
\I]@H%/1K*N+;
M+67B9/HQ]RO]-8;0@ 50$$GH

/3Y-M_+UBDV
MNL=._[E:+)^D!7F%9K7*)XXC#)A2BA@,:%A22EOU+.E1F_WQ]S%B'4#O'^@
MAQ['BT^'H6#FH:69Y?9I(I:OFO%/HUW$;9A(NXFLSWL[/?%65!8U8(RBVU

M P

\'T]=XLWWY\0R<.4R[23@0%*@5]
MA3WAK,W:F/W5.XZFJ*$W<&KLT21 0,:$@]XYC2$ @DE=2@8KW6#[0VJ\1^$

M6E





M Q)
LPI]P-HX!(R0B -Q)A]*'R/@Y4/[/TUN]E_;;EA3PJS#U$%@K624:R0\

2]S*

8?EF#V!PCKW$CSC2/E-
/W*)%R


UZ&&D_T#[:+:)-XQLC2I)B%



MV2K7EVAUB:JQ 77%M_R4^@%8U;A

M.WH \]#0BSS&I5NETX?\ENI9YLLZ1_



+]-@;0_/WH+VA[(K^
MI=^SH3U


V2W+&6LCT]A?(DKL(_Y


37M:;
(&E

MZ$$I%+2Q;4:8JN#$Z-Y2FX

66YT%7-08:]KW0/M1]J'



H.RX1U0@YV8RN';TK7ARY SU!%N.*)45 HD2K99
HWP


-29F=4EE(



P

KVA!ELANN!JO^OR2Q8
MR6H:S

M_FL58'/Q1L77\/(]]LL;)9(8!!H98*V1GEN



O







M9M:GGER'=N%?Z^YUK0H2J B&8?'% 0
Q?U@?-8
M.W[C F^$#KVO<)ULQZUIPRYNW\PV5
RP89!0P*!B%08:



MNF



M=K'CZ40+!5U

'\B-^.8Z;O?YO\
R_

M&]:4P#K6FB)9=QY[[7A%=XX%-+CMP+4^JSL0
-#




24VMH:H.1D\L7B*G2HW[QOMH8:GWR8!MKF
MO'^



M/;'
%IUPH05^@T4PF

ML\:(PL7T84%T!.DQ2;
_
=N;A1((O=4L3+ 88*6P16'J+:4$W)^8WWU[9==@

].OU*D@,BD&'G(.&(HJ<TUH_;#6'_TYC@NJ::KV/)A_1%I<1+5=

_JQ
O\

,%KN.-UXOD' * D2&06$$$D0H*K^8;UNLS$T^EV!]KSI!-0#-P:V
MQW ?T_G5\OKL\FMVD_X]G5ZE4Q6$O








M.Z9WXJUNW8SHW*%'3G6/\G .JO.8[#@
;NB_QJGC4[
MRMM;-E'40^]D<89 #%3_F'NYTJ-GSZ,;;7N\9X,.O].KN]#4$*?KOD_ET
MMLW-V\ KU5! HW0&%++PRR.J=:6\FIB)TRTLN$;[[F_TYV&7J ^@N=BPVEP
M3\G$:$G;$\4

M(480I](8;4'5E[2 K0RM'V-#OGN4AV+7[XOT[-(MEED
IK\S1\J3!Q.%0\N1



L_QBY[SY/U3_[R\5U.EW-0O<J

_TR+L\MH
M)YP5OTV*/]+EL9/




-Z


M$Q
0 %%AAA+:4JDT



MIVLW_C#P;35W]FV67:W)L


;[[^7(X.K?5RWCY_/4Z*WJC\_/*$Q%C

BPPK?82! S
M&B)0H49;[7N

MQ(TCUR80U0@OA(Z5SFWU


*#EEU1*\Q



W#MZU//K?

TI8J*H2S 07)J:OF

M;YDDV/@4

GLPSR8


M&GD+RD9S3$_


3.MBV!BNN#
M@?.TR/+I&Z2H73Y!@&C)N'' 6XMBSC96,1IH4^NXZ?W,-]W3I^DCVG%/&M_


QUV2D:96;8WLC4 ]K'
MG 6W-Y?,ICN0R]XBVY-JT@
%=XK!6Q

M#/:!XY69+*[]+/]3+1;98AGOH ;67Q63F_-\&5H45@[;H?6AM6^
6P?4E'B*
MO3-80J
( 1IXQJM9G[7;J1QA)MGN1Z_^



#_L@
0Y'.2NF5+F1YZJ6?@Z?N'S(H8%F
W2
MBV466MB2XTJ3Z1BD%(D 8:*XF
Y.QAWZ2=;R?X







UXX




MH1!B I 8H


MJ7M#KW11?8*AU)@*#)WAQJXWI%)G.3\Q.)+M63/V^;R4 HX#G5C]I8@Q'^G
MTP_SNW2SI5.*VYF^ZM*J












.QYA'Y3G0&/1#L


M;*15%!(A


M=^?Y(EL3K]&L]V;QQ @(%2/26
9$T+^T:+/-1(P*JZQ:UX-ZEOZM&\.O/YA0
M(1DSF&$@@+60


MZ% I%1:FS76

)=A1!ZFW0!GI$,:PXKI0K(TCW CG
MEC;J?'[-M V.@\TKD\5UW*T)/^(EV[O);!U9I79BN%KE$P.H5(9)C4QT@0Z








B]T1)PY$;[AU

]$F2NL(LV)W


V


CHQ)H!S2U!M?D=^+-F=)




]$W$@/1R!J?O'NE?ZGPU=3C
+



X1'K_USJCNH![NBLYS




M^UK6X

MLASP8'


!&$$&^ #Y:PD5J'01^4
MNP!04=&P\U/0GKW$Q@)AX^BN[%XG;?P-D\P9@P)B0D67C$@/2VDABS82\Y
M_2AL[5@K#SP\3C#F\S7VU^DRNYC
3CLTLV9200UI-@;:4WVSP4
2ZW!KY.
M=^E9^H:AF9UQ&'J!@?

MH];]H9F;87D$AAP4FID(SQFA% ?;&'@D!$.HE I2=6)A=_MAR&%8#FZ??#PL
M

*J\ZQ8-WRZ/FPY3XLO




M

8NQ$C=%6)
D'



\:60(6N



7&N
M$YT
YH\0MXGU)( 1+Y.&X7F?O?=Z@81K0EGX#WNC 6:*Z#*X81C


A4K:4D5';9H*M







LI(:6




]+&T.G
MSXO'4JUWKUZ!KL;@6;.FQ!$I(!2T;#$=)8+PQ]V'Y11@_CG?;XV8\JQK<1
MU,D&4$*T! XSI! &5CK :TV9@F$;<**-8\[?ZPMR3[HV)L.CLS$;?#8;K8D

!D9@IRDRIHR4X)BUPZ2:'-H#Z
C3=!L-''=NCK$2TV*=]F)RNS/Z


U(K
MV X%Q5B'MU(D4DGT:3-

CGU.URE_SR?%\CY:HS5)]KQ8
AST5MG6._M<.[NT641I/ETT


M]+^H[97P:MD$X?!:CQ!#-/0RHEU
?U7*S&&;0]XQ7F$]TM*@^R/P;='@_/Z
M;/H5G&JRKT9-506QRLV*-.8?.PVH;


M#76;=6^#6Z2G.#SVJ(:A/EZ8\_3(LNGS^^^[B!DDVH20; U! F 6&**2U@

ZTRC(W0WW(H6@ZNF#'0V0:![@()[M+%


\Z .CV

MGM0Z7.SYZ/CKG@1%3Q]






Z
MNN^WZ7Q1*_3XFV428[D3(L;Z#Z):@  EI8FMO 1MPI6.^92E/5&Z@G0PJR-=

D5H5) 1;28/)!K 


MJF


:[
MTWB8=!(G



X8:CJM''GK@6A1YBYL4-3?SQ*&9;\09)M





#%?'B@E#/]K=:]DA%&J.IQT.X+T
IG42HR&'P3G(J5@UN6/=AC0CG,QZ)\UAL Y%FX=4A3$6_OZ9Z=7G
M$XDH,8RY,..&7S1F!*)JQT2[5HDR3MN!N L\A[WRN+G#5S:[8GEZ,0L_=E]7
MV5\\,481H;&5&JN&).<F&J?1;!!+\X.X3C34O^OWHWL%.(CAUA9-_TZGP4-



MB2/$BE9%R4;D;*
PI.;'.^(ST_WVSM -FA6*.FTRSJ:3([GV33#W






/*0])8IHIZL.9UMELFZ\M7-R]&D+]U$6XQO2UUV
(:O#\T812
M2K +,[[66@0H%$/VP^*M?'\:[R=<VH
:@GVH'/99K:UJR(FR]WH84WY3^F?

BT'W1\:XO1]T/FN:_B/3+[_FLQB

? N_(B8;I.
MK9O.%VN='TCURM+@@%J6&B;L'&_#TMJ+2Y1T4ZV.81K'A#OAV!D)XH8=R0A
M0K1W$CE!/5..PK*^XL: N+;G

$L7EC;09ZWBB20







E%0\+\.2K^';
S33W#/@-/ B*#D8N]1U4G-0-+ULV
7


LH6_UGDZR_%8W2J+&=!
^Z<R:)EBPLN@[
/1565-H:IGYB9G0+^1UB0OL!G-+SOY:/#P^G&7!

ZN-K[1VX2=6];^5%'_V
R;@-]B!V\_+W_L:I4R/-\H@








<




M2(O


/JS6A8KX

MU

UL2$&V;?9[GMZ=S
MSJL'LKBD$@XT54APIQ14D%7#8DD7@(Y1Q.V$470 74M9?BK6?YZ4Y?Z!3&(K
MH0
. V@P=$)R7QGV#








M
BH0EP83+8/]X3%4 )ER

<S@;&P@G!LK*2


MZ96+N_MM?L:9V\&;
Z4@0H!I0(/:+!2P+/SI&0(!;$IV^ A/KCKCU67@;YL[
MLRQV(:^?9]O\2[Y:%.O?5YO\)AA.\]T8WO0S_._#8I6?)6#ZBS/O





MB:KCTY=?JQ%UIU$8:BVML9-O9


!A=-K:S]?RRA1Q&!(L!.(:VN(VROC
=(Z


%JYT)R[0;

8F%$
'T


M


:48%*Q2R@'PDQ9S4]D4
M':%XF9RO]S4*)AUID861 (^QXF%A$%R!/?C@XD9'R-_OBRRP3!MH@.Q9C8

A(.GJQ=&KFNG42$/S
IN
F:W7/V+]F=T-

.M

M+_P6D-&46M.-_4C?\_4?Q96L1P. /=3ZM*N4^[Y8W46[[V6IL@/KT9MG
\D!
MU!91Q#&AQF!


YKLZNA_RTSO7P189

R^+;:SY?M\

M#DFEY]ONS_#F^:E
 69
!
=K!#SU/*RLU7H*1

M9ZMEIMX+








[E+][ #.2Q'EK IZN$$6

M(ZN=4T%AIX9Y8BMMG1N6=&(Y?J8T%6[1-:!#$44_;A:K?+-1-_]Z7&P6.TF=
MWH2.M


MSH$G
P($)$I[B RQ!!&$5;50





N#=X\GB&!--(*&Z.\=$Y*
M8.6^LTGQB]=4\3.! ZF87JCZTMFP@X//9Q02Q* 

M79C6E]=@GJ9@_WW57_



M^?RZ3






 %WIFQZFI(7#7\ -T1O2E^%;U_?E! O:4D.%\U12H;VTJM(A
MPG1+6LM^ 9]UP /1:I/Z^(FS^

MB3F



^!Q].
B'



9IQ(&$3(@@&7(

MA1ZK@)Q$PF@G395XAFQ2



M
#8*!A'6X6Q/Z_ZN


MJ








M1^3G

\0A



.3$BM0?XJ.P

M&:5+=*2@$P^(K
V-.E'Y78






M6/]SMGS
_X[

'&L&-5,(08U^,#DTL [ #*?_LD.PUFL.
MS6)&(P*51UYS&(P




M=*&#0E3S1@F2='OGQ$G0':S7&TKEC3$X+*_ (:LD 12:LA@59FSJH51MU9?N


;Y9W*VBV_QOSWHGOE4!O8BQNT@+%?XK/,3^N1.



)01;CJF#3@80!:FFG ^6X;16GFZ$WJB8=B-\KZ_.
MB(3


](
VNNN
P(\!(99X!%'TB#.






6+)


EI&;9Z[OI]#9P\K:K3.
MD-

M6^6X



KHCC
LK/2W/]55I6&V%-%AH



NI Q@!5


@):!FC*?OX^)6*QGT0:G4

^3(Y@HSHG+4&JFB'6F:G=9#X62B7(8+B4Z;+V;NCR[FSVC.U\

M28W67L)RA
XF!3J





9\911BJDW3'
1=G(%

MF@847X^1G2[== R'RWG[8[O/ SA;=^#GAS
E)68 61!
/@8\\YA71^:
FQ3U
MDXZ/&6-7/Y





MXFJ?4%1-3+U-YTXQ2KD
M0!^SB-V-]O'==@*8O'WT/OPLWS]_9PCY$S+C!*)

MF#!
I3CR5$HJJS$.[7*YU)O.@'W^%*L$1G]/:'=.N7@66 \]G4%,(@564
M!.5&J2QK70;2\#$KJ/N0
9OKDHWJA]

M

MO=8

_6]\=I-WI!AE1AC@%C1;
0H&$T/NP3*EQ
MBG=W_#K!J.C7J: N4CSG-#0Q+68Q?_[+*2]PRU=F@!@HE%$V$$
)I: $U7:$
Y .(<40$3^-S1B&%4E')






_V-S


MR%2[**(IU=1'Z #O=)E( ;(?*I0G?C$K[@@'7CZ2060MX%AY::1FBF$K0=GG




)&4*0I$D;%
ML%0'KQ107T27:9^AMD-IGTRY9_%\C$(9OUD-Q]3.@X^FT$L/0R%BA2('





2BI].Y4HQ(


2!?+
MIB-F73DJYY*\9
B68?2/1_OWPS2:XGW)Y($K4PK88G27E
4
EUP!,+ 3B]CLAR'ML!RLRMAJNYC'
MG3@80%_B_1R+[2+?N+_B/IS/8\F(,)1OCT_B.[9_SC\@C
:4H]?S:CBC*-@

M]#!  (T+R[50BALJRTX;#=BHO8CQS=%CSO!N4QGFLC+N;Y:K[Y-%O
/T=Y

ML?.%=*[T&X/13!K7&8


\Z:IS3(%F'TCT?@]$
TFN)P?! !-V1$$V@#N8(


M986Q]\YK7XY%XJ3B@2.+/QB62 V!
M'8HDE4_RA4
[^BI/\.58DRS
 $.440YI;H5!E))2SS08Z92*#M?JVFA+G8XP
M'HI%!QV+)RAT\/E




L-PHQ_'QG4

D\LIH Y8Y6Q
MTD+'F_'RK;2$1.JJ/[K.I@ Z6[Q5@






058XJ)C4UCNQ
M-PP%G)BMG2K@-^?#Z9 .5B\B=/#=:K-=/^Y2(D_O1F\?S@1@$#(
+&*02\N
Y3W)CGU2[Y:%&OU4(3U[C^+U5V,^#U]EM?@%9GG3D)!B!&2
M&4P4#\.K HNLFUB$5;ILBT%POD2LS/L312)//I\9@SFT%#C+G(: 8LQ%-39/
M4V*L1E1GH<\=J@M<6RXX75^?A3CBGCA@D!00JZXEE78D$SR4(]P04D47-W[
MLIJ!.FQXS*Z'GV;KC^M=+-G\G[/E8U[FE9V-ESG9.J-AO?1$&F@
T%A20ARJ
MYI




\U^^'&)U VW8KN=5GEA)XZFS5DC-'#*@VHME(2F
M'.V/\ RNPVVF7Z OH.CN1_.\3\8AQI'5TW2/-L\ E%A[)X14EJ%X(XLX(7:
MI603C-([DW5[0K@
5#+YC?+\*^VUJ;9X@J9BFV'#@/B6&DRIT7E&8XD$8



M1ZK)U!)DNA!YD]JRS=!MZQ(]V(.3R3&GFF08 
JL  YQIC24V.EJ/L64D%^!
M$DWE5_2;4M?/R6KWZ;K?_
MR]4P9-\.-$BP\P!J#1609L.NG2LN0RK+HND

M;4I/*\NMP\0::JS2TB('0(63M7AB^T^Z=

MY1EFR


M(_01][$%=8'K4)SY&B



M$#*0B_*H 7N*4F*'1Z@2=\NFSN&]D*?F@!OS6ITU



;

M
Z-6YUCWG<G1B$F'AB



MF0)*4&TE



P& P)P*'* 6 E$F1#7D@ 1*H5CS$^^KIECG:%])

8
HUNKD
MS$.BB0K(JF?_

MTD;H


MR[=B
UO^8UT\?MN$5RP?YV&P\9EBM5VL'@
DW_+UCC.;
\F*PW0@0Y);B 07
MGD BG5.


MIO8.$SVUQ)IT

)@Z%2CD4I
K'S


B44\GIB(FXGC*(#
MZ%IGY^=Q:'
=C?/F[O\W6-U
.MLBX@5(;CY!TV!K(.=*T')]S
.5 ;H3!
:)59JQ!D0FI&+4-!MS9B

A=4J3\NC8FI#OOY!2868-N)
MU.LQJ16^;2M1S%9VD=\5KS;;HDQ1.'U/:8VFF3=!'?-!36?0*L75&.X.AUW

4&V4-OVR5240-]H9 I3!B


M;#VWV'CO
+7^;K;=?@C3R6 CCY.' X8<S



M@T&;4 P(;V% BFC J*]
7Y-T:7&+BS]^S5VQI3 N1KK8W^9[X;Y5QK$FR-$P

@S3JE&-*:'
3OOT^]D5%*OH -20B<D
MY,B3JB@11%*EL'6$H9V7WW O*;ZVP5CWQ7K[-5\_O%M]SS?;Z+'X;1:3C;<_
M/N7K13$_P-9:[3+OI/*$.NY(SC






5LH

KZ]\N/O)*30L3'#KL+7<$XT\\\\X
M8LIDBMTP9B]E$J5ZNY^\F3 &#_[H[8XC%A=C;+ST'F

2




_5<^OXN7W^6;Q=VJ
M3FG.PPTRIQ''& E%!&&4\XXKW39


YVKSW/5WJWAEYRX!Z]SF
M5Z-U ))PI:&31M@P#RU7I)I^G$_-+DP7?]$WQ$-1*RS'\ZKS9ZETX.G

66-


ENXD_=GS'F

M\DP



4
/.L 1,3PLTQZ^WR23Z3S

:





1+-A/]H:
M]9]_7Q5_;/+U]XC6KNA%O*9M=1



MQ#GP]VQ]KDU'EU\;#%$T[\1#N=:0(\F0*N:P932I_-$(_3SM$._\^69(_0Q9


]7J%,^7]CBSQU);'A68VV_^[IP/-B]\=.&680DI$7H2?(RYHT;&&..Q@
MRF50[4;O T1V3&XFM:+F<=R<'U6UO#6S]?I[%'1_8[Z[5)_B13CCF#J 7
M*XHLK9( F

MPE#IN
@5T@KD)E8NOC




MI1@)8[[L[\9$Z%\A/1U!_A'_^O=\L8@BO8E#+._G\9U_;.#3^Q'DS#L=M5OA

O?#YP)2/J^7QA50W'C#/2JD,5$
MR;&DW;T^C-;$A!M6

)*4E35&
M%3=3QJH%Z!KJ\OUJ_==971X_$S#&!&&8R+&9$(:E)2-.^K.ZT[SG1=-H:N

M+)?NUN?GM_
S]?DG@\)


H
MER#^N9! 

M.V;;*@F+E08(P@*+C2)21U/!
J^9+%SRT#(MA@OD.S1OV6GXW=VIX.V7
E[.
M/AB8\-I(R(D1CD=N6ECZHB$&H-\6/=WG#;1


MWBATS


MQL6






ML^9(03H(H(G_TQ9Y$&/IZ0#P5$BBMEA&3LAG5V=B!OIBY*?U[#9[F*W_
M.IW4=.JCP7AOM66$6RP!]HH:42*'H.JU;D$OU;RZTOBJ5:![2WUZW&Q7#]GZ









QQ2' !@*$

Z_D


M9GA1L:^C=;[6\ $HIQ&G$3O B00DK@ZN0(X1E


M#.

5)NX
MVEFM*(142(JME87

MU&+B__O<3W?W
YWEOK%!/X+3P8/XQE7



M
#2_7I1*1I/1TU(VHU-:/(WP\KAUOK0!:F]5TF;?3%3%?/O4S+M@(Y]\)K!X
MH.=Y/7W#HD2







M#Q.IS*53\E$
+%$^#WY1!!

M%#N_BUK*EC?91F?;O[-LN:^;LUI_/QR #H[E:'6ON9CL$O\Q?3\@Y)(IQ

.=L/ 
K




K%]AMSSM

3R=OY[


%M_?[(/_. VK$3%BD
$QB''Q@O(4#1@=3QM8UH@

MJ!#W=7F0@B(4T,;RSVPR$H 67%1P95R*:O$E5VU5^;$B0PUL'N.[XPO!D
MTB?RKLI(@0(J'(  :0%(Q(- 6C32XH3*E/JT5V:]MT^#A ?@('[*?2/N)7]


$%X[*7STC@G)

M7WMP#[OTG9&C&1N;C1TT(Q@#@3#@6F



6L-&61$!1+

.M8'D@4ZW%*G\@0
8D

I[K


ME(R4!A7)!HTS;

M




MC\S,YY_.C/H5*



M6G_(%OMLX#B['N:;O K_OHG\B5VM^R\.%!N-!!08&Z\\(-0*5 !(M$V)BAP]

$ 6+@+!XYE^


A<SXK4BM:K
M







M&4OQ





6.


M]U'\/)*EN.QZO]ILU]EVOMY?76?+[&Z^':ZPX2'4/*\.^;@KC?/N[O#&YU^X


Y
MNWW



X#2.._\FOFK[-%?L%\.4OTS&
!.ZV1C]L#

M%(VK.F/60EM(9UD2=49D875'G59@[8LT^[B6:GQY]MD @6*&6N\TES1.!L=L


3&






8CY*&FT
XGCUBBB



D;#Q36-L7]


MVLX65\S2KM$?5:SU

M_#-;9S:+QY6''*PWR_(W_S7/UE'$S]]_A6:?CJW%#&L&G)/&&Z8!=XP4^7C$





MX-HFRG^=0!][S1\L_SRN-WL0(&7\U!./Q6@0H@!)CW6SA K!_KW1!*^
3L



M/K'6=YUHOW*-Z7I8]\6G+FI
B[QRK8_H(2 0!U8;HLO92=7$
O-:T'B=&M/U





N

M=#U\^V+4\6'B42*AD/)10;JYSMO36&@\GUK&X==YU#_FTXJLLH Q!* /










HBW8R?I]0^Z;
N83.
M3MOW4U_-5?.$ZJ$ZA3PAC(1$B%H!$%8





MO''2.J!)N7=)\2JSEWIB:C
5C)F@\?O/18$U'3(($(TJ2B%%A EH@$!NKQ #
M&+9D8IUAQD?2!DH8

MHR-I QV


92#34F #-_B
S*9[GG*2RN




M&LBHD-)Q PK



$E@%9 8G'FEG!W%Y&!Q0F
M$[/T6M3YJAN$!V/1IE+@X+G'XH%;: 6)D 0 Q(C%ULI4N22L-D$LM:/P2
MAYJ#.QR-#J;





_'W
9M<Z03@X;8VLUHL\KW[

E33$.DBELQJ5


MX8X1J:O%EG1]@]=G;5G/D 5
V,LI,PA$L\@!1X:XHFE2O='GZ3:LO64TMP
MVE=M.UL#[:6/A5TS; PHCV_C'8UG%5&^G
1X8G?!'2ENU1K +6C_I&/RY0\&

MN1V$]E-4I5:H6A4/2![J_63&\V7ZD05GPG840PL551XSY7VBN!RKZ0>IFP4
M(SQ==[M1I*+;*T,N+AU//A4LLU#JO VF5,[Z(HA)1)$3
MWOQB/WP^' Y!N/IYP($Q$B.@!!YBQD@@*:ND,6ZJ86-=+BSZZ.!/QZX\+L


)TUS$W3G.2<,04 9J?EQC
M 6$3VZ/:8D#MWB3U<.Z+6ZF]23SSB,1%G1),#1?24^8/4E&*'DU[*FKY<N]

MO274



1.:



L(]S/4; MM*^Y
M
!
P&B !A2
R8D-:9<O8E&$[/F6]!XG<)


7M

M97KFJ:58@8QP@4!SL


M+*EK]@BC](9@5EO8]VQ(/?5I[

M\4ARP$M'#
@=4)!BP4N


4FUMWFV*&N&I( *6EC5Q/H70(XR*[=Q
M&%0[PRWM3WJ$/^L*7FNM/C=0


FP(-!W6*TWB$46U]+[XM


MS):W;^=WV9MEQ&FVO
D^9+MYULSKV/#+ G4$2(\
@



W;%]*
M)MO\\_-J'Y/P/7[DM^QVGD^DRBMGFU\:@5-






MJ?8I];!Z7&XWQS25-\O=I\WJ(;[BYWR

Z[]?#MBTMM=8KEP!I O1:



!$.@)A3YN E1$0Q%C6Z+KE4R*:WD%
M)&L9W^'\[IH9&4%]A Z3F6S$&D&2AWL1 2F+H(-8^K&]ND!^.-8]*?1W

I@ZS*MH[Q_D+
M:4I-O1%NPBVSJTZAQVX5
W:*OU_/5^N/V?KK_&:7?64B)^;;+ME^X1L#IAAK
MSV&^?1EF/6#

M;E==^VD&VJ\ V]

P.J3-$I!=A**+5#4FG)
ME.*$4X]0@8?!:F)Q:/W1)RG MIY21G#?GQA3PJU%5 +CI'5*BQLM#(.\E+,
M)]8GM2,NU(PIJ8?Y#C60DR)H!$S8(SVB! &$7%4%#(#[)/*B8V/9ZTQH'9

RA=\Z;*.9!*D]$)=-A$NRIJ^7+
27UH+V&F!*I)+4&

N \-XJ6
BIO)E84-(0







K/3;;^FIOH;Y9?'G\%GYZ+'O06<&*<E  3A!CG&.)

RZY$AYS5




M]1;-BZ

M?K?RM
/9GP8-0@KJH\5O'*84LV M 5*/*4X.D1&J+CIFZ:;@8

M;;+-Q]DBRX]^'[/M=K%WYM:+^SDS4

CH*I


/\ILM)8TKY



MYJBKM'M

.&
M8:

XYBO/9#1B2*;V21DB@(6RB%+P'YE5B-4PLD/#6.JLH!TQ!BVUYBE%





MO
')UASZX6CV9AD5DVVVM7GV]



O01)G4<

)L



M 053M7#DWP@J6NY2)G[5HGRIF*#UCKXM0FH;#2&##5X7^$90T(UNH;FV%&3
M.K[7V=@JCU6\#2NL\0PZ'7UB@!#IPD1RDW%&
LFM8?T1J6I6RH6KZV@B/



MDVVB?RB[=V$^ZU]75!.(.@(E-08@S BF*H64]1BDMHA!D
8Y@(0^FN_UGQ

ML?UL(MCY9/H4





EQ3
M1 L4D*=)U[Z_+L]Z4

I+#6D0
)X





M-6^/ZK2GPA.




M6/=3EHV9+6[R]
7Y\O[W;/M^5U!I?O

=:M$SY8NI\[G9=-]
M-'J E99C56XGW25 Q_A=MTRPRY7M^U/-6

M826TC)9WN(1

-J(W!





U)&M1X.D(E!(2
M &/BLFRDRJ-K]B:\L$Y.[(J^WYTAW9?:\IOLPC;
EM_?XK(Q47FS%-!2Z.\



M?O&R\P7^M?4500
KHEZ  D1*2P'7Y952WJLXQ?TTPI6P0Z8.I)'!5\K?LZ;W







MM6(E)E:OW0K7JR&I$7T;;DM]R8NQLIO5IW66T^':YUY'L3L6'(RVZ'*T!CN
M8 YTU X@)#R$D-9JFB!)J)J6F;HJE
B]Z5U\E9Z^^XM=YOY
MMLOF0W^XR-


3&_&GE6;-.Q+12X5E?_OIMOYCOFG#8C1T8$2Y'G
MB DJ:5QD4C+

M4@VU!:I8

M?% @%@C'B''..

]^OJW?)G_.]J?7_^ JP*PP
E



\9L/%CIR@2U0=/!\%+A&JM71P2%97[UB).84T\U9<##A]/^



)-/U
( @@
M%!


M#DD

$U

)A)RM


M[_

9GFWF
M&SO_%KF2+:^RG!([C_S_9HOK*%5?9D?;9Z2^-G#M:%P\)/E]49$^2TKN\4K
MA9E



MMU\556QB.?




*V\!X
7ZB/

.$*-4\)])5<ZHZV%:J=9^_X4N7.M$;OP0:IBBPD3%



E:.
MNAU=T+^WX[775Q'_)UO_S/3]USB;C]_RI21@\M3;@F#&L.I YIY9CWR A=T
M\5BFX')$Y[B#X[)%'@QASPY63-\_ZS_S/L?#!*/^[5O7B
1(Q4DG.'(22L-

M?K &G(T:MG(





V]_+%;W6?8E^YFM\POJSNY


EPY :P3**IH7YI_ARH5+5V.\6H/)EU2N;]CU.5N



L/U



9ZM+^L


ME1







M_=]WFVV^F


&H*A1E#)&+$+9Z*JDU *HKV8&J0ZA(!JRXH/B2B\A_767;V
M$/+LV* 9QUHHB8R#V$'CC;:[-=/H;'.4TKMGAA+YGP%)*70MVD=\_7/_!SK


V

M%Q03 K@!7/-B'0Y

R.L#@@#1)A(D#=MU




!86J6A-\X3


I=7)RC0%D)
-1:




6E4:*$13.#I&AR^9HRG4


KVL_9
MSVQYE_TM+QW[D&W/ND''!P5#L:
4(2. HU)[ C0H5DDHFUC6?GM
?WZNTQ:%

MA#[
;B-!GDSWK'4[.B9P'CU
)% 
0B''SFK(RES52*V)*:(4)J^Z(6G#N.M?

98LO[REG.C4[GAJ@6&KEDG:



J

01+

M

MC#&1\H0 7RV]KZ-5#M^AGP%+

M**TTLN18*PP9
I+5:+C$T!T0CW

M_;;'R.)FS#C2T;(6Z1KRLDY'2QL1ZJ1$Q&!)$(98YQ
[K(?RE!W[
:K\9%XV


M(KD5L@QS36UYZ&)2]DJ'^\1?D.,M$O+*65M0Q1#&JL=P@PH8XF6C)0K%TGW
MX[1E/09#[9/_O'GJ#&




MU

MKQ/'PZB^!



.(*H (B$D@4LX_1

M' AR6GG
&#&

M$(





< ,HKKW30F/@K.!.%)35GJ0<
MY(P0UPU1]5Q##L^(OB#N;G\L5O=9MO-'/_ZH5AV=$S U'!'786$XXM):
MTB1Y
K6ZC$%ALNJ&*7T![W-.I#


YGOJY0T)+\\

M_'.5GVDOYMO[/@7H]:\'P @'CNDE8P,D-SQ(DIV4H44N8Q^F03$:%6F'G1

NL;-66^JUHH1;Q CGA]TV: GEE;(2WK*/L@ 94IH1@[D7
M-@]+#'
%'3FC$SL%;PM4G24.U6/'N!.'-#61C 1+8[&+J\*.J@=J)A4$C1%:


C6/&.J9*X6))A2#':).XQ] JX=EHPS
5(YEU^H8Z0@M
M9'YW]F$-F(*)I; 
'WTTI?QX$R.EX088S1W7BDB#-4E)9G$XM?&_#O1&)D


?9!

MN?
:%-2S&J3T:1ACG_;AT#P(OT;OVQ\L4![ 9

PG _0 


M
2IJ$

0

M826]P_XAY99:F61=QGEC]01EJ@W67KR@/;QI/^CC]GNV_OI]MFPIJN]B3@%9
MB7)7F&
&!=2YP?R141I7$IZ$GP[A;Y$'H]^UR_;'A[_VZYV:[O=EGVSQ?\
M=-^ZBYV#FE
(*N_4+;EBD&#%
*/
T((#
*UA.:Q^.B[W4K;
;O)DB*G*V4B9
M.C6QVJFF3K




8$F



M_LMVMMZ.4[BZ0WAOIR!I_+]\&7S:56(0$7PZA4 9

[$M(

MB-X7(PP )Q[V_I!+Z4


MZ6NW-GS;'KM89%R^3#_BX3/B?



M+NFNI
MQ7&J#JK.B]7KL&'?1NE
86@FA-MIY@9 TD;*'M4#HWHK64S%PLFB]





AL7FH\VGXH@ID%@0F)X\34L7(F

*(MTH(4



M\\58AQM879_/BQQJCUAC(WH43KJ56^0% 9XAP28^%4I9;G;SUALN %PT@K

L!



M

M;R'[*%@]&E$[NL'^+
([5B3=FL2U.I& +;;Y)4:YDA-.
2LP+;C!*$D1O-J]











ML79*(HE$L29'6
M4F=?OR<Q\);Q7 /'\X<.D=YAP( 1GUQ%AE


MHJEHE\H0.NJL=
-& R$D9$*#F
0?P.2




M?CL_D&
99_)]_N

@UBU*








HT@0#)5T?G^V




X]='M1'
MP=X5UG


-O=2:$27
H7L?!U@G;7-?
M'/ :(^

M

M$\[J F'5
;7[PEB^
[J



Q$EN* +

M@ AN#)(%!50
0WLI$9![0ZSFSR+YNMOA,O&G!@'%MMR,34AEF%&(:(.,\B\
M)K!TY2%(J8&J78ZP=S'=\OHW@6 S'E3(-#G\(?]7?IGU__E?_Q]02P$% 
4

  
&6 0 0

#$W
#DS
%]C86PN

M1B$$ '1S;BTR
#$W
#DS


6 !0              ( !-R % '1S;BTR
#$W
#DS


